Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
"We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions.
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.
The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period, from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.
"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
Friday, Stanford (47-15) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m.
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday.
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
At 8 a.m. Friday, San Joaquin County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos, 37.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care.
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
Since then, police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three.
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.
In December, he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.
In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."
Media Editor Jon Friedman contributed to this story.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.
In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 <EUR=>.
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.
Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."
Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.
Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.
Attorney John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".
Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday.
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.
"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again."
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol.
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond.
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.
The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.
Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) scrambled up $2.19, or almost 12 percent, to $20.59.
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.
The court then stayed that injunction, pending an appeal by the Canadian company.
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.
In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft.
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.
PeopleSoft gained 94 cents, or 5.5 percent, to $18.09.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines.
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped $1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong," Mr Howard said.
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.
Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.
However, a recent slide in prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.
Six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, were damaged in the powerful explosion.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.
Germany's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 <CHF=> to the greenback.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV."
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side.
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications.
The street-racing sequel "2 Fast 2 Furious" won the pole position at the box office, taking in an estimated $52.1 million in its opening weekend.
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.
With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.
The Pentagon, saying that Boykin requested it, is investigating his remarks.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.
Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in.
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme.
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically.
Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round.
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.
Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at "Dateline NBC," Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show.
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."
The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein.
A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today."
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question.
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board.
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.
It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Under the plan, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
The winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park, about 125 miles north of Philadelphia.
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner.
In September 2002, the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods.
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.
SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.
The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.
In an unusual move, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.
Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."
By 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.
Officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the accusations.
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
One way or another, Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.
Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs, said the vaccine poses little danger.
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.
That was a reversal from a loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.
Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement.
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.
Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: "Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.
Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor, 71-year-old Morris Black.
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was "a very serious matter" that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department.
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.
BOB HOPE, master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian, died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley.
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine.
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
The dollar's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds.
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group, Robin Saunders, were not immediately available to comment.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.
In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper").
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.
Scientists have reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half century ago.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September.
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.
The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday.
"It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.
"He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.
Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment.
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.
Debra Mitchell, a member of the church, said Wilson had recently lost her job.
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.
The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law.
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday, but was expected to leave British interest rates steady.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation.
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. (nyse: JWN - news - people) jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.
The new 25-member Governing Council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.
H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a "clean slate."
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."
"The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.
On Jan. 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers.
Turner, who held about 105 million shares before the sale, also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust.
Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, contributed to this report.
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas, arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.
It was to fly a plane in the White House."
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
This was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.
Respondents who rated current business conditions as "bad" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June.
One of the FBI’s key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding.
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science.
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.
However, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.
At midday Monday, the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks.
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.
Larger rivals, including Tesco and Sainsbury’s, were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month.
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made "huge pots of, like, beans and rice with, like, meat and casseroles" for the whole family.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.
In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
For proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July.
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards.
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Roxio, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias.
The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.
Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA's "watch list" since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.
Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.
In his female disguise, the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.
Fanned by the hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity, major fires were raging in at least 10 places, having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares.
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.
On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.
The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
At 5 p.m. EDT, the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north, longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles.
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said.
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.
I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn't deserve.
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault.
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta's of 1.2 million people.
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Friends said Frank Riva worked in construction in Manhattan and recently helped his son get into the construction workers union.
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December.
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
The MPx200, which will sell for $299.99, is now available through AT&T Wireless' mMode service.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.
About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles, R-Oklahoma.
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said.
But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
And the First Amendment doesn't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings.
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in "extremely critical" condition, Czartoryski said.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.
Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.
On Thursday, authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."
"It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers.
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.
He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.
By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month.
But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.
When asked where the weapons were, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.
"But the First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.
Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens," he said.
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling.
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.
Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76.
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable's use.
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
The department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
SCC argued that Lexmark was trying to shield itself from competition by installing a chip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.
Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president.
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.
Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million.
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."
In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477.
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.
The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon, was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
The cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.
White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic, 10% were Asian, 7% were Black, 16% were Caucasian, and 10% were of other ethnicity.
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.
Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin.
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets Thursday, would be welcome.
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.
A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.
Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
Bo Hitchcock, Levin's attorney, declined to comment Friday.
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.
Nissan North America announced yesterday that it will spend $250 million to expand its Smyrna assembly plant to bring production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee.
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
"It ends tonight," a grim Keanu Reeves announces, in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.
His wife, who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission, waited in Moscow.
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected "potential suicide bomber" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned.
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.
Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will.
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee.
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do.
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.
OS ANGELES, Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez agreed they should notify police, who then arrested him.
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.
If the deal is approved, EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View, Calif.
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.
They found no blood and no bones, he said.
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A smaller number, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases.
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50.
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.
At 11 p.m., Henri was centered about 70 miles southwest of St. Petersburg and was becoming disorganized as it drifted south at about 3 mph, forecasters said.
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants.
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking, and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace.
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen<JPY=> and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs<CHF=>.
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.
Every day more American soldiers die.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes, a study has found.
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.
In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.42, or 0.2 percent, at 8,569.94.
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51.
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.
She was physically ill several times on the day he died, she said.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June.
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.
Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.
The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
The husband's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests.
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.
Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.
Sovereign, based in Philadelphia, expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.
Other, more traditional tests are also available.
All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time," she said.
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee.
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
In 1975 he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt. James.
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].
Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."
The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
Garner said Iraq's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.
A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.
The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Friday's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate.
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law.
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
About two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained.
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.
But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.
In the entire fiscal year, the company lost a record $1.27 billion, or $2.11 a share, on sales of nearly $3.1 billion.
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion.
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31.
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.
Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
In February 2000, the officers — Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing.
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.
Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
Police investigating a fatal hit-and-run accident conducted a search Monday at the home of Bishop Thomas O'Brien, head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix.
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.
As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.
By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.
Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m.
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.
Officials with the rebel group Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy could not be reached for comment Saturday.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
"These are defining moments for players and organizations," Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said.
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.
The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes.
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.
In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
In May 2002, Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses.
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped 89 cents, or 16 percent, to $4.60 in Instinet trading.
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.
Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation.
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, is going into its last season.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.
Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.
I loved the Brazilian music I played.
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.
Earlier Friday, Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths.
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted "Celia, Celia" and sang snippets of her songs.
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior VP and general counsel.
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.
Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.
Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.
In Las Vegas, agents entered two clubs — Cheetah's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the "Freedom Tower."
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.
Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement.
For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.
At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.
The panel said some of NASA's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view, because of civilian buildings built near them.
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month, compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July.
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.
In the total external disk storage system market, revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter, to $3.2 billion.
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.
The legislation, which now goes to the full House, would amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107, while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.
That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.
"There are some who feel that if they attack us, we may decide to leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.
That fire, the largest wildfire in state history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.
"There's nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said.
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake."
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network.
Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9.
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.
Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures.
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
Two hours earlier, they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.
President Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" for Americans about the nation's outdated power grid.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.
Estonia's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991.
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.
Lee, 33, told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.
"The flu season has had an earlier onset than we've seen in many years," said Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.
We think they have the right to choose.
Pressed for details, Mr Warner said: "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group".
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.
A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.
Police suspected that Shaichat, 20, had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs.
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".
During this year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
This is what Dr. Dean said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.
Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents a share.
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."
After hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.
Washington is wary of involvement, given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.
"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement.
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.
An Associated Press report is included.
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., and Sharp Corp.
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded (two are in transit).
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.
Drewes and a friend were playing a game of "ding-dong-ditch" -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton.
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.
Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care, compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care (P < .01).
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
"At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.
On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta.
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger, and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban.
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.
That's one reason why I'm running to be president," he told a rally in New Hampshire.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night.
In court, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
In 2002, the West Nile virus infected 4,000 people and took 284 lives in the United States.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank.
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.
Earlier this month, Bremer called off a visit here, a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue.
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."
In its quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.
The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
Authorities said the informant, an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982, led a team to the spot.
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.
She said she told O'Donnell, "Your mother died of breast cancer.
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's, the credit rating agency.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.
During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."
My decision today is not based on any one event."
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.
"Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did," Comey said.
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she added, "and you can't do that without funding."
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C.'s allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings.
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II, which averaged 11 months.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.
He replaces Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation in April.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment.
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.
Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins.
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox's claim was "wholly without merit, both factually and legally."
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".
"I think we should leave them as they are," said Lott, R-Miss., of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes, it has "turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake."
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose $1.25 to $21.75, and General Motors, which rose 57 cents to $37.70.
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.
Like the outgoing centre-left coalition, the next government is expected to come under pressure to hand over indicted war criminals or risk losing Western aid.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.
Analysts say Davis, who faces a historic recall election in October, could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place.
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.
State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination.
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross, which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 year, in Canada about 80,000.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.
"I'm disgusted, physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.
Yesterday, this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse.
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and members of Congress.
After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her and her daughter to leave.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers.
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.
"If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz.
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife, whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home.
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, D-Houston, joined committee Republicans in voting for the map.
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."
Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital.
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack.
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
At 10 p.m., Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and was moving northeast near 8 mph.
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.
Attorney Patricia Anderson, who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law, declined to comment on the case.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," Ashcroft said.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover, saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
On Wednesday, a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.
Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done.
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.
Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
Limbaugh's lawyer, Roy Black, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52.
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.
Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell, who left earlier this year.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.
It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites.
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.
In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said.
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.
Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said.
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said.
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.
"The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.