Referring to him as only "the witness", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Tab shares jumped 20 cents, or 4.6%, to set a record closing high at A$4.57.
With the scandal hanging over Stewart's company, revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
"The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy, House approval in March and was endorsed by the White House.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
"Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools," he told The Sun.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Senior Vice President Eric Rudder, formerly head of the Developer and Platform Evangelism unit, will lead the new entity.
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
His wife said he was "100 percent behind George Bush" and looked forward to using his years of training in the war.
Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal, over 25 is considered overweight and 30 or greater is defined as obese.
But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August.
Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building," Tunick said Sunday.
The S&P 500 index was up 1.26, or 0.1 percent, to 1,039.32 after sinking 10.75 yesterday.
Currently living onboard the space station are American astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
That beat the company's April earnings forecast of 8 to 9 cents a share.
After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Last year, the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
Armstrong, 31, battled testicular cancer that spread to his brain.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
An average residential customer paying $840 a year for electricity could see a savings of $30 annually.
The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years," he said.
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
The Institute said dioxin levels in the environment have fallen by as much as 76 percent since the 1970s.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
His body was found July 25, and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death.
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Twenty-seven Iraqis were killed, pushing the number of opposition deaths to about 100 in a U.S. operation to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
The new application intelligence features will be available June 3 and are included with the SmartDefense product, which comes with FireWall-1.
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
For residents with incomes above $500,000, the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans, received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday.
Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov said in Moscow Tuesday a firm date would be fixed by this months end.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
"Sanitation is poor, drinking water is generally left behind . . . there could be typhoid and cholera."
PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
This was almost certainly its last full quarter before the company becomes a part of Palm.
They researchers say the research could be relevant to other forms of cancer.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall.
Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map "in a coma" the attack could easily widen through the region.
But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA, including Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months.
Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points, or 1.39 percent, at 1,739.87.
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 1.75 points, or 0.18 percent, to 977.68.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16.
The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle’s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, ‘‘there was no possibility for crew survival,’’ the board said.
"It is clear that the free world, those who love freedom and peace, must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he said.
If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too.
Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget.
A prime-time special on the list, "AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains" aired Tuesday on CBS.
Police advised residents Friday not to travel alone to convenience stores and to be watchful.
"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001.
His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
The drug was approved for use Friday by the Food and Drug Administration.
Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
The ECB has cut rates from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent in that period.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
The loonie, meanwhile, was on the rise again early Thursday.
Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom.
But he added that De Niro is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $100.
She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Arison said Mann was a pioneer of the world music movement -- well before the term was coined -- and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.
Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users.
A widely praised film of the same name was directed by Wim Wenders.
Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation.
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
Crews are told: "If we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die", he said.
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
"His progress is steady, he is stable," said Dr Jack.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
"What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours," Hughes said.
The researchers believe the same is true in humans, translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease.
Wal-Mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier.
The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, was not available for comment.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Consumers, tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs, are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.
"The bolt catcher is not as robust" as it should be, said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr., the board chairman.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to "overweight" from "equal-weight," saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Among CNN viewers, 29 percent said they were Republicans and 36 percent called themselves conservatives.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen, Texas.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
Stanford (46-15) has a team full of such players this season.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
A federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into how the company allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
US authorities have said the council would include 20 to 25 members.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag double that of 2002: $4.4 billion.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud suit against the teen in Boston.
ConAgra shares closed Monday at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.
Byrne says he got carried away with PowerPoint and just "started making stuff."
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
Microsoft's stock was up 50 cents, to $28.34 a share in New York yesterday.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, it said.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, Ga., began returning last week.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
Teen-agers at high schools where condoms are available are no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study says.
And Thursday, a former Intel exec blasted wireless as too insecure, too complicated, and too difficult to install.
State troopers arrested the men in a stolen van at the Jubilee Market on Route 14 in Horseheads, said James Flateau, a Department of Correctional Services spokesman.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50-basis-point cut was most likely.
IBM (NYSE: IBM)  was the fastest-growing vendor, with sales jumping 37 percent to 220,000 units.
Copps, one of two Democrats on the five-member commission, has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
In the first quarter of this year, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade.
Their findings were published Monday in Circulation: The Journal of the American Heart Association.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said passenger Andres Rivera Jr., whose 15-year-old niece, Jazmine Santiago, was killed.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38 million euros ($43.63 million) and the firm had debts totalling some 28 million euros.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
His Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas, replied that "every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
French soldiers later threatened to open fire on a Hema battlewagon that tried to pass near the UN compound.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Those that choose the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.
Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004.
Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity.
Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Brandy and Husband SplitR'n'b star Brandy and Robert Smith, her husband of two years have split up.
"The fresh air is going down fast!" she screamed at Murray.
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004," said Dan Ronayne, a campaign spokesman.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson conceded that the facility's fate was inevitable, quashing the hopes of the airline's 1,500 local workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white.
A hearing Thursday morning before Judge Elizabeth Long in Fulton County Superior Court marked one of the first steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
The boy was a student at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.
It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said.
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
San Joaquin County sheriff's deputies found 37-year-old Adan Avalos of Riverbank shot to death inside the SUV.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A $500 million coal-fired power plant, for example, could replace $100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls.
Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
Shares of AstraZeneca, Europe’s second biggest drug company, rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
"Things go wrong," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said Wednesday at the Department of Energy.
Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan, where it had weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Officials tentatively planned to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest by dropping incendiary devices from the air, aiming to remove fuel from the wildfire's path.
Protesters chanted, "Tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail," put on small skits and danced to drumbeats.
"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday's bombing were airlifted out for medical care.
To the frightened Burns, Richardson said, confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out.
A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
Medical experts said Blair's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy, died Sunday of brain cancer.
A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, police said.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff.
Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
Lately, he had earned money by calling fans on the telephone, taking part in the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
"Rudolph ate here", joked a sign outside one restaurant.
It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain "a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Strikingly, the poll saw very little difference between women and men in their feelings about the former First Lady.
Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
The computers were located in the United States, Canada and South Korea, he said.
"The time has come to make public places smoke-free," they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper.
In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.
Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
"I'm quite positive about it, except that I would not want to cut across things that are now occurring," he said.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores," Graham said.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.
Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower.
"Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough," Mr. Harrigan said.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Some of the passengers were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
Since then, police divers have searched those waters looking for the remaining three.
Morgenthau said the women, all U.S. citizens, lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years.
In December, he had predicted a 5 percent growth rate.
Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional."
"Yes, I'm taking his office and we're going to keep on building and keep on fighting," he added.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
In jihad, we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war (against Islam)."
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
The transfers would reduce P&G’s worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000, down from 110,000 several years ago.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others.
In papers filed Tuesday in Manhattan's state Supreme Court, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name Spike for TNN.
The church already was grieving for the death of a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, a South Dakota Democrat.
Jon Friedman is media editor for CBS.MarketWatch.com in New York.
She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt.
The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB.
Against the yen the dollar was down 0.7 percent at 110.73 yen.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. (7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S.
"I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the deal was damaging to the state," Berlusconi testified.
They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel."
Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing's Tiananmen Square.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times.
Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished" freedoms.
The euro ros further into record territory on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed U.S. economic data showing rising consumer confidence and a strong housing market.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
The seizure at 4 a.m. on March 18 was completed before employees showed up for work that day.
He said the ferry's crew will be interviewed and tested for drugs and alcohol.
Taylor is now expected to leave the broken shell of a nation founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
It beat the previous record of $54.9 set by 1999's "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me."
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away, with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator.
In late afternoon trade in New York, the euro was down 0.83 percent against the dollar at $1.1633 <EUR=>.
They were killed over a few days in April 2001 and "deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, authorities said.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas must defend the record of his first 100 days in office before Parliament today as the death toll in the occupied territories continues to rise.
Another soldier drowned after diving into an aqueduct in northern Iraq, the Central Command said.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Other data showed sales of existing and new homes grew at a robust pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Police Deputy Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well, with some aspects, including the communication system between varying agencies, working better than expected.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement.
He was on a hiking trip that day with a church group.
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Workplace Messaging is $29, Workplace Team Collaboration is $89, and Collaborative Learning is $35.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer (IE) browser because of a patent verdict against it, the company said Friday.
"It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM."
SARS has killed about 800 people and sickened more than 8,400 worldwide, mostly in Asia.
At that time, Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent rate for both capital gains and corporate dividends.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.
Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies, said: "The princess's marriage was not set up by force.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and longtime companion Fran Walsh.
Meanwhile, Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States, calling its decision an "outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda."
The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly did not let the judge's penny-pinching get him down.
SAN Architect will run approximately $2,400 while AutoAdvice is available with coverage from one to 50,000 CPUs.
CAPPS II will not use bank records, credit records, or medical records, according to Loy and Kelly.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Moore has said he plans to appeal the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Peterson helped raise Ratliff's two daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, who supported him throughout the trial.
Money from oil sales will now be deposited in a new Development Fund for Iraq, controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Car volume was down 8 percent, while light truck sales--which include vans, pickups and SUVs--rose 2.7 percent.
Mr Williams added that the Government had made it "very plain" to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place Entertainment, the parent company for Caesars, said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits.
Last year, Bush appointed him to the Homeland Security Advisory Council.
Its shares fell $9.61 to $50.26, ranking as the NYSE's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser.
He added, "There's just too many leaks in Washington, and if there is a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is.
In midday trading, the Dow Jones industrial average lost 68.84, or 0.7 percent, to 9,248.80.
Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office.
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
Mr. O'Neill had a solution: a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust Hyundai.
"In creating the game, it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons."
Another brother, Ali Imron, received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse.
At one point in the chain, a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country.
Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership, and he passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
However, it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans.
After Jackson testified he never touched the officers during the struggle on the ground, Barnett showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.
According to the writer of the letter, the infant was "placed on the bed in a baby blanket" by a nurse.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings.
"This is a widening and continuing investigation, which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr. Spitzer said yesterday at a news conference.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Tuesday's decision could prove useful to the government in the war on terrorism.
Although Republicans now hold every statewide office, the state's congressional delegation comprises 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
The first stage of the malicious software began Monday, when the Lovsan worm began spreading around the world.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced yesterday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
The survey which uncovered the star only covered a narrow slice of the sky.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
At home, the premier has faced accusations that he overplayed intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for war.
"About 70 percent of the work is already done," Mr. Tauzin said.
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
China, haunted by the spread of SARS in its vast countryside, has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who intentionally spreads the killer virus.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
The announcement comes one day after Scott Charney, Microsoft's global security chief, reiterated Microsoft's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to customers.
The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia.
A lieutenant colonel in the People's Liberation Army, Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
That means the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges, will now to trial in September.
Other contenders included General Electric's GE.N NBC, which submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4, while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April.
A Lieberman aide said there were no immediate plans for television advertising.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition," said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections.
"I think it happened very quickly," said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department's homicide division.
It has not come to a vote yet in the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The poll conducted between Oct. 24 and Nov. 2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline "will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions."
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $213,000 and earn $10 million a year, plus bonuses.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
"We have sent a new message out to the nation — that this is a new Louisiana."
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
It's just that they never climb out of the beer again."
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany's DAX index lost 1.9 percent.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Beginning, early stages, not life threatening, treatable, Bruno told a state Capitol news conference.
Bryant presented himself to authorities last Friday and was released after posting $25,000 bail.
He says the release of a tarot card left at a shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected.
The Yankees are in their first team-wide slump of the season.
Solomon 5.5 is now available in the U.S. and Canada through Microsoft Business Solutions resellers.
The document stated: "This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue."
Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is running in the region's Oct. 5 presidential election.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1, killing all seven astronauts aboard.
Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal.
Further back, Sen. Bob Graham of Florida reported about $1.7 million on hand.
The test, in four sections, includes algebra and geometry, along with some questions on probability and statistics.
Business confidence among top U.S. executives hit a 12-month high in the second quarter, according to a survey released Monday.
Massachusetts is one of 12 states without the death penalty, having abolished it in 1984.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
HPs shipments increased 48 per cent year-on-year, compared to an increase of 31 per cent for Dell.
"We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," he said.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
Their difference was over whether the court should take into account the legal opinions of other world courts, like the European Court of Human Rights.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results.
Telecom equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. (nyse: QCOM - news - people) rallied 43 cents, or 12.3 percent, to $3.95.
They were not supplied or given to us, but unearthed by our reporter" in Iraq's foreign ministry, he said.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
McKnight's lawyers said she had no intention of harming the child.
The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows.
A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
An Alaska judge has rejected an attempt by an animal rights group to stop a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.
The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.
He went on: "One part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.
The injunction was immediately stayed pending an appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington.
He was taken to Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called "cardio-version".
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
Chirac, who has the authority to pardon law-breakers, refused Humbert's request to be allowed to die last year but kept in close touch with the family.
Dotson was taken to an area hospital for a psychiatric evaluation.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
The government now charges that Sattar conspired with Rahman to kill and kidnap individuals in foreign countries.
The second company, to be called Prisma Energy International Inc., includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
He was convicted in his absence in January and sentenced to 124 years.
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as reconstruction in Afghanistan and Iraq, working in positions from translator to truck driver.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus three to four percentage points.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
Last year, Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn't march with cast members of the "The Sopranos."
Clinton’s national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities.
UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points.
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel- efficient, aimed at young families," Mr. Cowger said.
The money can be used for road upgrades, tollways, public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
The park service purchased the land from the estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.
McCartney has three children - fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 - by first wife Linda.
In recent years, Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble: He faced charges of fare-beating and credit-car theft.
SCO claims that the Linux kernel holds Unix intellectual property owned by SCO.
Amrozi did not reveal, and was not asked, the identity of his boss.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The rest said they had no affiliation or belonged to another party.
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
For example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, from May to October 2002, largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines.
The House Republican leadership said it expected to call members back Dec. 8 for a vote on the omnibus bill.
Six were from Douglas County, which includes Roseburg, and two from the Portland area.
PeopleSoft gained $1.09, or 6.3 percent, to $18.24 and was Nasdaq's most active issue.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and coconspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a 4,000-pound fuel-and-fertilizer bomb that destroyed the Murrah building.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, of United International Pictures, says he cannot detect, unlike The Matrix Revolutions, any advance scepticism.
He admits that the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
The Williams-Mauresmo winner will play the winner of the match between Justine Henin-Hardenne and Chanda Rubin.
"By its actions," Lieberman said, "the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war."
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept. 9, by a 227-188 vote.
The nurse called Allison Smith with the news: The experimental drug that so effectively treated her severe peanut allergy was being taken away.
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser."
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast.
The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated – yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf.
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical specialty organizations, outline recommended approaches to many common ailments, ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer.
Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program," Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters.
None of Dean's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
The Mariners piled on against Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the bottom of the inning.
Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl.
The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate.
The Nasdaq composite gained 4.78 to 1,955.80, having edged up 0.1 percent last week.
Lynch, who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday, also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
The contract sets his annual base salary at $1.4 million and his target bonus at a minimum of $1 million.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
On the sidelines of the Bo'ao forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and held talks with Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest.
Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes.
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn't be more wrong."
Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades.
After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers' jobs.
A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
"We believe it is without merit and we will defend ourselves rigorously."
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen "a bit short."
The most recent addition to the list, which to date includes 125 names, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963.
Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.
Hermon-Taylor said an unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) may also be infected with MAP.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
The results, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, involved just 47 heart attack patients.
Spain, Poland, United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason.
United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog.
It was predicted to become a Category I hurricane overnight.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker."
Sweeney is to formally announce the campaign in a speech Wednesday in Detroit.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 288-1/4p in morning trade in London.
It went on: "I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex.
Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer, a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures.
But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely.
So far, only four companies have licensed Microsoft's communications protocols: EMC, Network Appliance, VeriSign and Starbak Communications, the report noted.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley," Silver said.
Rather, the US acted because the administration saw "existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11".
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
"It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch.
"It's just too important to keeping crime down in the city to let it lapse," the mayor said of Operation Impact.
Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Trans fat accounts for 2.5 percent of Americans' daily calories, compared to 11 percent to 12 percent for saturated fat.
A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC's fears of a further softening of the market.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 8,300 worldwide and killed at least 790, most of them in Asia.
Under the agreement, Solutia will pay $50 million and Monsanto will pay $390 million.
After Mao's death in 1976, she was tried and sentenced to death, later commuted to life.
Several passing vehicles and an adjacent shop were also damaged in the explosion.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner.
Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences."
Germany said most of the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein.
A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
His movies include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam," "Jungle Fever" and "Do the Right Thing."
She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail.
A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, Mr. Ridge said.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
"He is not considered a suspect," McCabe said.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker, said Dr Colin D'Cunha, Ontario's commissioner of public health.
"Happy people sleep better, have better diets, exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones," Cohen said.
Robin Saunders, head of the principal finance unit, has made clear she has funding to buy parts of the business.
The discovery so alarmed researchers that they stopped the study, known as the Women's Health Initiative.
The agency wants him to return the illegal proceeds with interest and pay civil monetary penalties.
"These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western," Rumsfeld said.
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Saddam hail, about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, US military officials said.
The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news.
The broad Standard & Poors 500-stock index was down 4.77 points to 929.62.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.
Stocks barely budged Friday as trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout in New York.
The Prime Minister has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe.
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case, as has Levin.
A month ago a military transport plane returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded in what officials called a "safety incident."
The Swiss franc rose three quarters of a percent against the dollar and was last at 1.2980 to the greenback.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
The $22 million deal, announced Thursday, is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history.
Mr. Nelson heard people shout: "There's a Jew.
It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
The Schaumburg, Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal.
Axcan's shares were down 3.8 percent, or 66 Canadian cents, at C$16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday.
The bank booked 820 billion yen in loan-loss charges compared with 1.9 trillion yen a year ago.
Former prisoner of war Pfc. Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
On Thursday, a New York City judge ordered Viacom to stop using the name Spike TV pending a trial.
One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: "My child, my child."
In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses.
They have included local and foreign aid workers, U.S. troops, Afghan soldiers, officials and police, as well as many guerrillas.
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new ways to communicate.
The results appear in Thursday’s issue of the journal Nature.
The Leader of the Opposition, Simon Crean, said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence.
Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them.
The airline's pilots, for example, are taking a 15-per-cent cut.
Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer's by more than half, a study suggests.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thaksin said.
Clayton Homes' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday's close.
The $130 million cleanup included new carpet, electrical wiring and bathrooms.
U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results.
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
DUBAI, SEPTEMBER 23:  The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side.
Mr. Holden toured Northmoor, where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed and the town hall and police station also were damaged.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
It was called mandatory, but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave.
The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View, Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc.
U.S. District Judge Lee R. West ruled Tuesday in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry.
The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
President George Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war.
The legal settlement resolves the private anti-trust lawsuit filed against Microsoft in January 2002 by AOL Time Warner's America Online unit on behalf of its Netscape subsidiary.
The PG-13 sequel "2 Fast 2 Furious" raked in an estimated $52.1 million during its opening weekend, jumping over last weekend's catch, "Finding Nemo."
He ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment.
On Jan. 1, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick, who was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
They argue that proposed congressional redistricting maps reviewed by the Legislature would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages when authorities delivered on his request for a six-pack of soda.
Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec. 24.
Prosecutors could not be reached for comment after the legal papers were obtained late Monday afternoon.
Wexford had agreed to assume about $90 million in debt to buy the planes and certificate.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
His injured co-worker, a woman, was hospitalized as well but listed in good condition, Reichert said.
The depositions were made public yesterday at the request of the P-I, The Seattle Times and The Associated Press.
Wittig resigned in late November about two weeks after being indicted on bank fraud charges in a real estate case unrelated to the company.
Prosecutors said they did not know what crimes to charge the men with because U.S. officials refused to share information with them.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years but said it has been opposed by many communities, especially rural ones.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times hotter than a blowtorch.
Under terms of the agreement, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold.
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise," Hollings said in a statement.
It was announced on Friday that Goodrem had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a form of cancer which affects the lymph nodes.
Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home, her personal physician said today.
"Shattered Glass" _ starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, The New Republic journalist fired for fabricating stories _ debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.
It fell steadily until it dropped as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and rose gradually to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
He was arrested again Friday night at an Alpharetta restaurant where he was having dinner with his wife.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) possessed chemical, biological and other weapons and was hiding them.
As stark as the numbers themselves, is the conundrum they highlight: the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
Overall, "Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," said Burt Flickinger of Strategic Resource Group.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
The two cases were from the University of Michigan, one involving undergraduate admissions and the other, law school admissions.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
The Pentagon has begun an official investigation into Boykin's remarks.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
Only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure.
Mother-of-two Sally, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, had stepped on to the escalator when it collapsed.
This framework will be based on the company's work with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community.
The United States has repeatedly accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons.
The new variation of Blaster was identified Wednesday, according to antivirus company Sophos.
Whole Nine Yards," and written by first-time screenwriters Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.
The first products will likely be dongles costing $100 to $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
A base configuration with a 2.4GHz Pentium 4, 128MB of RAM, a 40GB hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs $699.
"I think we have some opportunities -- some small opportunities -- in November and possibly January," he said.
Two kids from Michigan are in today's third round.
During the problem liftoffs, foam left dozens of pockmarks on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.
Mr Eddington is to meet union leaders today and tomorrow.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
ICANN asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend Site Finder while the Internet community studied the issues.
Less than a month after leaving as host of "Dateline NBC," Pauley agreed Thursday to launch a daytime talk show for NBC Enterprises.
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar closer to multiparty democracy and national reconciliation," a government statement said.
The Bush administration cited that intelligence as primary justification for invading Iraq.
The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today, Beckham said in the statement.
Bremer will focus on the politics and Garner on the rest of the reconstruction efforts, Garner said, adding that Bremer will arrive in Iraq by next week.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Several children, including the 8-year-old, went down to the water's edge to play in the surf.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
Lapidus expects Ford to be down 5 percent, Chrysler down 10 percent and foreign brands up 4 percent driven by strong truck sales at Honda.
Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs, though they did not get into specifics.
"I am very happy to be here in the United States far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson told the judge.
Michel, who has stayed in the new government, denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government's move.
On Jan. 12, 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised "Frozen Fantasies."
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent.
Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport, La.
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list," the congressmen said in a statement.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Some are also used to send spam e-mail messages to boost traffic to the sites.
"It is highly conditional, faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to our business."
Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London.
I never thought I'd say this, but I almost missed Vin Diesel at first.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
The findings, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
The body of a victim lies under a yellow tarp in front of a car that plowed through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica.
An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237.
Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar al-Kabir.
Mayor Bloomberg said the "behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees."
Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation.
They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship, as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
Other elections have taken place in the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"Her lawyers are trying to obtain a free pass to download or upload music on-line illegally.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 14/32, taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent.
Police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him, and still was being sought Thursday night.
In a statement, an SCO spokeman said, "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.
Helicopters hovered throughout the day over the Al-Khalidiya neighborhood where the raid took place.
The appeal would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.
Our "spiritual enemy," Boykin continued, "will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus."
First up, Microsoft said a buffer overrun vulnerability occurs because IE does not properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not comingling appropriated and nonappropriated funds [from Congress]," said Faletti.
In Al-Fallujah, two grenades were thrown Thursday at soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven, none seriously.
"The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001," he said.
China accounted for 14% of Motorola's $26.7 billion in sales last year.
President Bush flies to Uganda Friday hoping to polish his anti- AIDS credentials in a country hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the epidemic.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
"New York City and Houston fourth-graders were at the national average in writing.
That would represent an increase of some 10 per cent from the year before, it added.
It cut taxes while still balancing the budget for three years and bringing down Europe's highest national debt as a proportion of gross domestic product after Italy.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to 15 cities, serving 200,000 children, most of whom come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, the skulls are readily recognizable.
Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, publicly expressed reservations about the treaty, and Germany has since said it will support the pact.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
The group has the support of about 215 churches and an estimated 25 bishops.
"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there."
The state has received 19 entries in that competition and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
John Clare, Dixons chief executive, objected to the Commission's findings.
US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September, but at a slower rate than in previous months, according to a survey released Wednesday.
Microsoft calls it: "A brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media-rich applications in Longhorn."
For more than a century, an undetermined amount of money was lost, stolen, or never collected.
Experts say legal challenges are rare before a bill becomes law.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
Defenders of the partial birth abortion ban downplayed the legal challenges.
"It should have declared that it was sailing with a cargo that was like an atomic bomb," said Anomeritis.
Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure, and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
Schafer said the governor would be open to offering that last license for a riverboat in Chicago.
The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
After serving as a marine in World War II, he began submitting articles to magazines.
In Taiwan, officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
U.S. forces organized the elections, which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation.
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette's mother, Chief William Lansdowne said.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
"It will be a compromise, like the real world requires," he said.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
Doctors hope rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, who is recovering from a quad bike crash, will begin breathing unassisted again soon, they said today.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
A third executive, chief operating officer David Glenn was fired.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
Many of the victims of Sunday's attack were headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave.
Saddam's portrait was added to Iraq's currency after the Gulf War.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
During interrogation, he admitted that he helped organise and carry out near-simultaneous bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.
The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04, its lowest close since August 28.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses.
The $87 billion budget includes $51 billion for military operations in Iraq, another $20 billion for reconstruction and about $11 billion for Afghanistan.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
Associated Press Writer Michael Gormley contributed to this report from Albany.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
That compared with a loss of $55.4 million, or $4.92 per share in the same period a year earlier.
Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
Under Maine Rx, which state lawmakers approved in 2000, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
His wife, married to Moore by a justice of the peace, started planning her dream wedding.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the night sky early today.
Rats on the tomato powder diet had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, allowing for diet restriction.
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices.
Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
Fox was seeking an injunction to halt distribution of "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right."
Walsh, also 40, was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night.
The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration.
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told Reuters Television in South Africa's sprawling Soweto township.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not say if it was Ciobanu.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
Badat was arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act “on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism,” Scotland Yard confirmed.
Starting on Aug. 16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
"We put the call out," said the Rev. Patrick J. Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.
Florida’s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.
Courant Staff Writer Jeff Goldberg contributed to this story.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
"The evidence accumulated over the intermeeting period confirms that spending is firming, although the labor market has been weakening.
Nigeria and other African producers are increasingly important in the former Texas oilman's plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for energy security.
Isaacs had been on death row longer than anyone in the nation.
While many likely now will quit - as millions of women already have - Soltes said she is likely to continue prescribing the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
Under a proposed plan of arrangement, Slocan shareholders will receive 1.3147 Canfor shares for every Slocan share they own.
BellSouth added 111,000 DSL customers during the quarter to reach a total of 1.3m subscribers.
In a televised address back in March, Mr Howard declared Iraq had weapons capable of "causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday, feeling tired and unwell.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but there has been no testimony yet about what the tests might have yielded.
Kurdish forces at a checkpoint near Mosul in northern Iraq seized the trailer on April 19.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share, or $13.11, for each J.D. Edwards share, based on recent trading prices.
"That failure to act contributed to September 11 and the failure to act today continues [to put] Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," said Graham.
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal's going to win," said Sen. Mitch McConnell, assistant majority leader.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.
Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
"We have put a lot of energy into patching, later than we should have," he said.
Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix.
Bondholders of Mirant Americas Generation subsequently filed suit against Mirant seeking to block the exchange offer.
Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview.
Sixty players and five coaches from Mepham High School in Bellmore, Long Island attended the training camp in August.
The official would not name the leakers for the record and would not name the journalists.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments.
Twenty-seven people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of Saint Sophia Camp, a Greek Orthodox facility, when the mudslide roared through.
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
Shaul Mofaz, Israel's Defence Minister, raised the prospect of a ground offensive into the Gaza Strip, in addition to a growing air campaign to assassinate Hamas militants.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided yesterday to lower its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures will actually occur in 2004, making that year's shortfall worse.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
After their arrests, sources said the men admitted they were smuggled into Washington state from Canada in July.
The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, in recent weeks has moved closer to Washington and did not insist on a timetable.
Like the Power4, the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip.
She said in 2003, not one American state had an obesity level less than 15 percent of the population.
A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without even knowing whether they pose a threat to children, Canada's environment watchdog warned yesterday.
In September 2002, floods in the Gard region killed 23 people.
But in San Francisco, 80 percent of men and only 59 percent of women washed their hands.
Home Depot is expected to report earnings per share of 46 cents for the third quarter, according to Thomson First Call.
The global epidemic of HIV, the virus that causes Aids, is tightening its grip on Britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year.
But stocks have roared higher in the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound.
"Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe," Juhan Parts, prime minister, told a news conference last night.
Fujitsu will own 40 percent of the company, which will be headquartered in Sunnyvale, Calif.
He was given leave to appeal against part of his conviction and sentence.
SSE shares were unchanged at 652 pence by 0835 GMT but analysts welcomed the deal.
He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar.
But Mr. Bolten cautioned that the deficit was still likely to exceed $500 billion in the 2004 fiscal year.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"As a responsible leader we felt it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," stated Gillian Kent, director at MSN UK.
We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons."
No wonder AOL lost 846,000 subscribers last quarter.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
None of Prairie Plant's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada's user manual is made available, she said.
Captain Smith left the ferry terminal after the crash, went to his home and attempted suicide.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages.
If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
In 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Douglas J. Feith, undersecretary of defence force policy, is quoted as saying.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 19 cents per share in the third quarter.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," he said.
Laos's second most important export destination - said it was consulting EU member states ''with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary'' on the matter.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
The victims drank tainted coffee after the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which rose 2.9 percent during the four-day trading week.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast.
But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight, overrunning razor-wire barricades.
Jordan Barowitz, a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said: "The Comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
In her testimony, Kate Hannum said she was 5 1/2 months pregnant when her mother was killed.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products unknown to the American market.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than U.S. drugs.
He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' "little minds."
Its cumulative total is $232.8 million, heading for $275 million.
Momentous happenings at the World Climate Conference in Moscow last week.
Egypt, Mongolia, the Seychelles, Tunisia and at least three other governments have signed unpublicized agreements.
"For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all," Dyke said.
Early Monday, the center of Claudette was about 300 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained wind blowing at 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
The Standard & Poor's retail index <.RLX> was up more than 1.5 percent.
Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," Mr Argus said.
Pittsburgh, West Virginia, Rutgers, Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford, Conn.
Graham acknowledged that surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he said he feels strong and has the go-ahead from his doctors.
As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra, fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," stated SIA President George Scalise, in a statement.
"With the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002," the Arizona-based group said.
The investigation was closed without charges in 2001.
Judiciary officials did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the criticism of Mortazavi's appointment.
A command is sent to Mars Express to release Beagle 2 by what is known as a Spin-Up and Eject Mechanism.
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.
"Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number," Michael Kinsely wrote.
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
Just about everything about "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" will set records.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
Under current law, dividends are taxed at standard income tax rates up to 38.6 percent.
"We stand behind this program," said Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs.
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned and mouthed something.
A final decision on his fate would lie with US President George Bush.
"I was in the water for about eight seconds.
"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay."
The House Government Reform Committee passed the bill today.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," Lichter said.
On Wednesday, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the attacks in the US of September 11 2001.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.
Net income was 12 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling, among others.
Mr McKinlay said that CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the US.
We can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there, but often the beast survives.
The average teacher is a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work force portrait shows.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
With Johnson's injury, the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion.
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software.
Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
"Realizing this, the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy, which has longer runways."
As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
Despite these and other differences, U.S. and EU leaders insisted they were working well together.
Mr Bolland said: "I was astonished at Sir Michael's question.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo of the play and would not allow Ewell's character to sleep with Monroe's.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee, respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing, have been dismissed.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The cause of death is drowning, and the manner of death is homicide, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said.
The most recent killing was in 1998, when Dr. Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home in Amherst, N.Y.
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report, saying: "It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."
In Washington, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said Sunday the bureau will provide forensic analysis of the wreckage.
Jason Giambi contributed a two-out RBI single.
Cabrera was called up Friday from Double A Carolina and started in left field.
Months later, an unknown shooter killed Dr. Wayne Patterson, who ran Gunn's clinic.
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," McCarthy said in a statement.
In 1993, after nine years in prison, Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
The interest rate on Series EE savings bonds for May through October is 2.66 percent.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July, and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day.
"The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam," the report said.
Durst, a millionaire, pleaded self-defense in the death of his neighbor Morris Black.
Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government.
The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Some state legislators behind the bill say they remain hopeful Bush will sign the legislation, though they acknowledge pressure is building on the governor to do otherwise.
The attack came after several days of disturbance in the city in which U.S. soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians protested the American presence.
A total of 114 U.S. soldiers were killed between the start of the war March 20 and the end of April.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Other gainers included Lexmark, which rose $US3.95 to $US63.35, recouping some of the $US14.10 it lost Monday.
In 1993, after nine years in prison, Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
The White House said that leaking classified information was a serious matter that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
"The U.S. will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice," Bush told the crowd, which burst into applause.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
In the present case, too, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement, which he estimated could approach $30 million.
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," Mr. Chandler said, but simply that his team has found no such evidence.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun Microsystems, and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer lines that will damage cross-border commerce.
Economists said the report on wholesale prices showed producers were having a tough time trying to raise prices.
"Our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," including use of weapons of mass destruction, Ridge said.
Easynews Inc. said Monday that it was cooperating with the FBI in trying to locate the person who uploaded the virus to a Usenet news group hosted by the ISP.
Excluding litigation charges it made a profit of $7.8 million, or 10 cents a share.
"We need to take these threats seriously," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation.
The two had battled over custody and he allegedly told her in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.
Two British women lost a desperate court battle on Wednesday to have babies using frozen embryos their former partners want destroyed.
Bob Hope, the master of one-line quips, died Sunday night "with a smile on his face," his daughter said yesterday.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus "is on doing the work that he's being paid to do."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a senior policeman smiled and shook Mr Lacsynski's hand and patted him on the shoulder.
Partway across the Atlantic, "He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," the balloonist's spokesperson Nicky Webster said.
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week, losing its Tuesday berth.
"The energy task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply," the statement said.
Both executives face up to 10 years in prison and a $1 million fine for securities fraud.
Revenue rose 26 percent, to $817 million, the company, based in South San Francisco, Calif., said.
PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after Fidel Castro overthrew a dictatorship and installed a Communist government.
ASEAN comprises Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
Despite hefty losses against the euro, the dollar's slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.
Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia, Boykin said that "my God was bigger than his.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante was first choice of 25 percent, followed by state Sen. Tom McClintock with 18 percent.
Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty.
The S.& P. 500 slipped 12.27 points, or 1.2 percent, to 981.73.
BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense.
Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues.
Walgreen's shares were up 4.6%, or $1.42, to $32.11 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading.
"The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity to better support our customer requirements," said Yukio Sakamoto, Elpida's president.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause, and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason.
BaFin, Germany's chief financial regulator, and the prosecutor's office were not immediately available for comment.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
The president's "advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it," said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer.
Worldwide, Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people, with a total gross of over $2 billion.
Still pending against Rambus is a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
He agrees that technically smoking could be considered a disability, giving smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Brand-name drugs in Canada tend to be cheaper than in the United States because of government price controls and a favorable exchange rate.
Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.
"Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure," said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 injured as the rebels fought into the capital.
The news has caused a rush of people to the Knox County Health Department to get vaccinated.
Americans just want to be liked, she said, but there also is a "huge cost" when world opinion is negative toward the United States.
In fact, said John Logsdon, a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy, "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
The prime ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian countries signed agreements on Tuesday that set plans in motion for a long-awaited regional anti-terrorism centre in Uzbekistan.
The fifth nominee for fiction is Scott Spencer, for A Ship Made of Paper.
"Windows was the part of the experience that really resonated with people."
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $289.
The current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday, after the review, said Jim Landale, a tribunal spokesman.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill is almost certain Monday.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, hammering consumer spending, with shops, restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
Holloway surrendered in Cleveland on Friday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.
The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.
The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year.
Scientists reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half-century ago, a dire assessment that drew immediate skepticism from commercial fishers.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 25.17 points, or 1.39 percent, to 1,792.07, based on the latest available figures.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
But none of the ministers opposed Mr. Powell's suggestion outright on Thursday, the ministers said.
No one has been killed in the recent attacks, which have continued despite serious setbacks for al-Qaeda following battles with Saudi security forces.
A year ago, the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share.
"That ought to be the standard, not how many people actually signed up," Mr. Rule told the judge.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again.
"For customers to get the most out of the internet, several factors are crucial," Mr Danon said.
Anthony Citrano, a representative for WhenU, declined to comment on the case.
During difficult times for technology venture capital, Vivace raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.
Levant's other credits include "The Flintstones," "Jingle All the Way" and "Beethoven."
As he left the court, McCartney cast a long, angry glare at Amrozi, who tried to hide behind his lawyer.
"It indicates we are starting the epidemic with more cases than last year," Gerberding said.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Even the pizza delivery took part, unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl's picture during his run to Cruz's house.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7, bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9.
The deal also boosts SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhances HP's Linux business, they said.
The vendor has added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to the operating system's Hardware Compatibility List (HCL).
He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
In 2001, there were 6.5 million high-tech jobs in the United States.
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
State Police were investigating, Vazzi said.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered a six-pack of Dr Pepper to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the soda through a door.
Authorities believe the children, who were last seen with their father at a fireworks display in Concord on July 4, are dead.
The Los Angeles Master Chorale and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Brass Ensemble also performed.
Goodrem spent yesterday resting in her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today to determine her exact treatment.
Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September.
The report details crime reported to law enforcement agencies statewide.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
In her autobiography, "Find Me," O'Donnell wrote, "I was an abused kid.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
The poll of 405 registered Massachusetts voters was conducted Wednesday through Friday by RKM Research and Communications.
"Motorola has displayed clear disloyalty" to Symbian, said Per Lindberg, an analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein in London.
The pressure on Peter Hollingworth to resign as Governor-General intensified last night as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday, during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense, Paul D. Wolfowitz, underscores the nature of the problem.
"He would often call me for advice," said lawyer Ron Kuby, a friend who had represented him in court.
The Bush administration wants the measure approved by June 3, when the existing oil-for-food program is up for renewal.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Reflecting the broad scope of the recession and its aftermath, significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18-to-64, and middle- and higher-income earners.
Bob Richter, spokesman for Craddick, R-Midland, said the speaker had not seen the ruling and could not comment.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
The network peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing prior owners of the shipments.
Coca-Cola announced Friday morning that the U.S. Attorney's office in Atlanta has started an inquiry.
Blair has said there is not ``a shred of truth'' in allegations that the government manipulated evidence about Iraq's weapons programs.
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Blair Schoof, executive director of music for AOL Europe.
Puretunes has also lost a distribution deal with the popular Grokster file-swapping software company.
The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics.
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
Market sentiment was also cautious after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said that federal securities regulators had begun an investigating into its accounting.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
He added: "No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused."
Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores.
There are 100,000 U.S. troops in Asia, most of them in South Korea and Japan.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said yesterday.
A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore.
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up.
The Bank of England "requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he told the Press Association news agency.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said.
Mitchell said many knew Wilson, 43, to be unstable and that she recently lost her job.
"We preserve essential tools to foster voice competition," Copps said.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news.
The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor.
"I have every reason to believe that people understand enough is enough," Mr. Pataki said.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
And SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, tested the agency's new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
Four Harvey Milk High School students who dressed as women were arrested yesterday for robbing men in the West Village - and pretending to be police officers, sources said.
"We're delighted the testing has worked -- we caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, Calgary medical director of CBS.
Some E.P.A. staff members defended the document, saying that although pared down it would still help policy makers and the agency address the climate issue.
Even if the Senate approves the proposals, they would require the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Gov. George Pataki to become law.
The stock lost some three quarters of its value after the initial February 24 bombshell disclosure.
On June 4, Amazon said it had received orders for over 1 million copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
Retired General Wesley Clark's entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination will almost certainly strengthen anti-war forces determined to unseat US President George W Bush next year.
ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
GeCAD, founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest, provides anti-virus, anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Kelly Boggs, Baptist Press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention's annual meeting this week in Phoenix.
The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system.
More than 1,000 people rallied over three days, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Davis said after appearing with former U.S. president Bill Clinton at a school dedication.
All three of the teens were charged with offenses including conspiracy to commit murder.
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is complete, assuming those businesses aren't sold.
Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler from New York's diamond district, accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the first missile, investigators said.
He claims they agreed on this plot and that fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker who is still on the run.
The seventh member of the cell, Habis Abdullah al Saoub, 37, a Jordanian, remains at large.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
The Bank of England starts a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday and is expected to leave British interest rates steady at 3.75 percent on Thursday.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The greenback rose steeply against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
"This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it.
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.
"It's nasty," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting with her husband from Salem, Mass. "After what happened here .
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Hovan, a resident of Trumbull, Conn., had worked as a bus driver since 1967 and had no prior criminal record.
The 30-year bond was down 14/32 to yield 4.92 percent, up from 4.89 percent on Thursday but off an earlier yield high of 4.95 percent.
The two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
This year, Peninsula health officials got the money to hire part-time water samplers and purchase testing equipment thanks to a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
In recent dealings, shares of Roslyn were up 40 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $21.25.
"He may not have been there," said a defence official speaking on condition of anonymity.
Since October 2001, American has laid off 6,149 flight attendants, according to George Price, a union spokesman.
She met Lady Mary for the first time at her Double Bay home in Sydney yesterday to thank her in person for the donation.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
The troops - whose mandate is to protect U.N. installations and personnel - can only fire in self-defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday, as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight.
It also offers a "self-healing" option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers, data and applications.
Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday.
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C.
Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
Xerox itself previously paid a $10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. JWN.N jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
"We've destroyed about one half of al Qaeda, the top operators of al Qaeda, and that's good.
Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident.
Its first decisions were to scrap all holidays honoring Saddam and his outlawed Baath Party and to create a new public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
Al-Qaida, the terror network led by Saudi-born bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, has been linked to both cases.
Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another suspected Saudi operative for Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida terror network and top suspect in the Riyadh bombings, remains at large.
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
Reed arrived a day after H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned saying Reed should have a "clean slate" to make changes.
Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much."
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
The company has reached agreement on the terms for buying the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
The outage resurrected memories of other massive power blackouts, including one in 1977 that left about 9 million people without electricity for 25 hours.
Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated.
"He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid."
It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq.
Chairman and chief executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, resigned.
Eurex said "the vast majority" of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on "participation in incentive schemes".
Associated Press Writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Ala., contributed to this story.
Hewlett-Packard Co. (nyse: HPQ - news - people), the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one."
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government.
Whether or not we get to the two-thirds, we're going to have the lion's share of union support."
In response, Medina issued the following statement: "The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive.
On Jan. 1, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick, who was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment.
The two companies plan further analysis of the subset data and will discuss the results with regulatory agencies.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Tibco's chief marketing officer George Ahn said: "Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products.
Bad publicity surrounding warranties has already sent sales into decline.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
But Miami is competing with eight other cities, including Atlanta; Panama City; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Cancn, Mexico.
It is "in the hands of Mr Newton" as a US space agency (Nasa) astronaut once put it.
Staff Writer Diane Lade and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
But the Russell 2000, the barometer of stocks of smaller companies, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
The National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him, but he initially ignored the order.
His wife, Janet, said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.
But as time passed and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety.
"I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play," Nelson said.
The seal will ultimately be used on department materials, signage, credentials, badges, vehicles, sea vessels and aircraft.
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090, while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
Meanwhile, the main subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not send a delegation, an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials.
Russian forces stormed the building to free the hostages but 129 people died in the operation.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."
The US administration responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers but pledging "to comply with our international obligations".
Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday.
Water management officials in Florida were worried about the storm's possible effect on some of their already-swollen rivers and lakes.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Mr. Karas said.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said.
Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit.
A discouraging outlook from GE sent the company's shares down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
Berkshire Hathaway made profits of $1.7 billion in the first three months of this year alone, its best performance.
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to name the wholesalers, whom he called "victims in this."
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Mr. Parsons has served as the director at the Stennis Space Center, which employs 4,600 people, since August.
Microsoft also said it will tie stock awards for 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.
In 1998, a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction.
Last year, Stockwell was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff rang up while he was labour minister.
She told the New York Daily News she remembers only the intern's first name, which she refused to reveal.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
Max Guarino, 17, was found April 25 in the water off City Island.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors.
The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake, and has since reimbursed the party for the expense.
American and Russian space officials stressed there is no immediate danger to the crew or the operation of the orbiting outpost.
A new version of the Bluetooth specification was officially launched today at the start of the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam.
"Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent," the report said.
One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected, but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The Nasdaq eased 0.15 percent for the week after two consecutive up weeks.
Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually.
Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
"A really robust space program could be had for a mere 20 cents a day from each person," he said.
The scientists' research is being published today in the journal Science (www.sciencemag.org).
"We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors," she said.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
Shares of other mortgage lenders and home construction companies also fell.
The meeting would now be held before August 8.
The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $100,000 bail Saturday, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said.
Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel.
It's just a matter of time, said Frank McDonald, of the University of Maryland.
"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
They remained in Camden County Jail on Sunday on $100,000 bail.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
But, in a 58-page report, WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness.
He also said that Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options with a value of $54 million to $56 million earlier this year.
A Catholic priest said two miners were killed and nine other protesters injured 110 kilometres outside La Paz as a convoy of miners threw dynamite at soldiers manning a roadblock.
ATA shares closed down $1.66, or 16.7 percent, at $8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
North Korea has demanded one-to-one talks with the United States.
However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, rickety vessels and lax safety standards.
Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month.
He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had "an attitude problem."
In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11, 22, 33, 44 and 55Mbit/s.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Bush shot back: "You're looking pretty young these days."
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, said she will address the court.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 14/32, taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The Justice Department on Aug. 19 sanctioned the Oct. 7 date for recall election, saying it would not affect voting rights.
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Grass is the second of the Rite Aid defendants to strike a deal with federal prosecutors this month.
Class-action suits expand sharply the number of plaintiffs and damages in a suit by allowing initial plaintiffs to sue on behalf of a larger group with common interests.
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay the $100,000 to $10 million for a supercomputer than try to build their own.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 (18.33 Celsius), but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 (30.56 Celsius).
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
The value of BP's investment has risen since the deal was announced in February.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
GE's shares closed at $30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes'' on a building near ground zero, angering neighbors and stirring complaints.
Georgia's median household income dropped about 0.9 percent to $43,096 -- a $408 dip.
He added: "Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development."
A Competition Commission inquiry last month has already excluded larger rivals Tesco, Asda and J Sainsbury from the bid race.
The move to rein in the losses of the four upmarket food outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court hearing Mr Samudra's case did not have jurisdiction over those crimes.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
At least 36 deaths have been blamed on the storm, 20 of them in Virginia.
He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," Chief Executive Robert Eckert said in a statement.
Complicating the situation, he continued, are companies, like IBM, whose support of Linux "has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
"The proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers," the governor said in a statement.
An Iranian Kurd who stitched up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at being refused asylum has been granted refugee status.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for drinking with two high school girls in the latest incident to embarrass the academy.
About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere.
It was centered about 100 miles southwest of Cedar Key and drifting erratically southward, forecasters said.
Rivers were also drying up - a stretch of Danube passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.
Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich passed $1 million last week and was still counting money.
A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don't apply in the case.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides.
Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well.
Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME, a state-owned food company.
Shares of Brocade closed at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17.3 percent.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements," spokeswoman Trink Guarino said.
Lawrence E. Alibozek, his former deputy chief of staff, pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," he said.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
Authorities had no leads in Biggs' death until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa'eda agents in Britain than previously thought.
He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands.
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon.
November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur in "Hairspray" bested Broadway veteran Bernadette Peters in "Gypsy" for best actress in a musical.
No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept. 8 and Sept. 9.
Revenue fell to $36.9bn from $39.3bn a year ago, mainly due to lower vehicle sales.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
The company is expected to unveil the console on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes'' on a building near ground zero, angering neighbors and stirring complaints.
Bryant was "interviewed and was cooperative," said Kim Andree, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's monthly index rose to 58.9 from 55.9 in July, the highest in 15 months.
Lamo had told reporters he would surrender to the FBI on the federal courthouse steps in Sacramento on Friday, but he didn't show up.
Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs dominated the increase, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral.
While he said "many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, at 1,666.58, marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
An estimated $250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport, where it had disappeared June 20.
In 2001, the diocese reached a $15 million settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs.
THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
The two forms constitute 30 percent of the 7 million applications filed to the bureau each year.
Adaptable and Carter's Trading Co. did not immediately return calls seeking comment on Wednesday.
Wyle's feature credits also include "White Oleander," "Enough" and "Donnie Darko."
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
A White House spokesman added that Iran had "one last chance" to comply with its disarmament obligations.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future, the Coast Guard said.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Roxio, would get access to more than 300,000 tracks from the music libraries of the major labels, and the Pressplay distribution system.
Boeing shares fell 95 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
While the shape of any military operation is unclear, Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Contractors Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, who were convicted of submitting hundreds of phony invoices to Blue Cross, are to be sentenced in January.
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Dr Mark McClean, the family's GP, said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier, he would have retained more of his brain function.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May.
President Vladimir Putin threw his weight for the first time on Saturday behind Russia's main pro-Kremlin political party ahead of parliamentary elections.
Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA's ''watch list'' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Passengers on that cruise are to be given a refund and voucher for another trip.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
Also Sunday, suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia.
The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing.
The chain, which has been under new management since late 1999, has more than 3,400 stores and $15.8 billion in annual revenue.
Frank Partnoy, a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, said the case suggests Merrill Lynch's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate.
Symptoms of the E. coli infection include bloody diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal cramping.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects fled before they could take anything, he said.
But Hayes, of the CDC said, "Many complicated interactions come into play that are often difficult to predict."
Virtual PC, which Microsoft acquired from Connectix Corp. in February, will not run on the G5, the company said.
Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley.
In his female disguise, he used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend, and rented an apartment in Galveston.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
"We've got an incredible amount of work to do, but it ain't in the instruction set," he said.
Durst's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 17.08 points, or 1.74 percent, to 998.68.
Those hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres.
Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications, including heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations.
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
Conway called the move "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."
In the earlier survey, 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems, compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot.
Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment.
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Billups scored 77 points in the final two games of the first-round series against the Magic.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.98, or 0.1 percent, at 9,346.77.
Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site.
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson referred all calls to the FBI.
But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded.
Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said.
The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned.
Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
But when neither Justice O'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen "a bit short."
The movie opened over the weekend in the number one spot and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.
A spokesman for the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan had no comment.
Bristol shares rose $1.30, or 5 percent, to $28.20, after closing at $26.90 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Foreign Office said Heaton was in Saudi detention but had not been charged, and that consul officials had visited him on Thursday.
So far, eight states have laws legalizing marijuana for patients with physician recommendations: Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
"We stand behind this program," said Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs.
Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license, the same as the existing version.
The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added.
In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister, Ahmed al-Hassan, dismissed the claim.
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points, or 0.35 percent, at 1,674.35.
In one Johannesburg store, 900 copies have been ordered.
Now the rest is just mechanical," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
"A bad decision on Charleroi would have huge implications for state-owned regional airports in France.
We're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
Canada which is a major meat exporter to Japan, has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.
The shootings happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home that the extended family shared on Gary's west side.
Parker said Moore's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.
Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence "reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
WALL St regained a positive track today following news that two of Saddam Hussein's sons were among four Iraqis killed in a US raid in northern Iraq.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the departure of Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive.
The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday's opening round of the Memorial Tournament.
Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements.
The priests went through church channels first, exercising their rights under canon law.
There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say.
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey, did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape.
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described "significant problems" in the Bush administration's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks.
Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs.
Greenspan's Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, decides interest rates in the world's largest economy.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A few tried to rush the podium, and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.
Jordan Barowitz, a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said: "The Comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
"Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran's image will be aggressively put down," he said.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
He added that if he were diagnosed with vCJD "I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible".
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross-section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the U.S. military until elections can be held.
There is a little hope invested in McNabb, and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve."
A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways, police and neighbours said today.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment.
Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously.
Saul Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court for the death of Christina Long.
But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."
About 80 percent of Pakistan's 140 million people are Sunnis.
The researchers found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride, or 803 men, developed prostate cancer.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Riva had recently helped his son, Frank Riva Jr., get into a construction workers' union and land a job.
The December decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's law banning certain assault weapons and revived the national gun-ownership debate.
Mr Estrada, who is in prison, has denied any involvement in the mutiny.
The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests.
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The phone is available for $299.99 with any compatible AT&T Wireless service plan.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine.
Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN.
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week.
Mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign ended a 19-hour standoff late Sunday and returned to barracks without a shot fired.
O'Connor wrote, "We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary."
In a separate complaint, the FTC alleged that AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely $400 rebates to consumers.
The threat came as Taiwanese authorities quarantined hundreds at two hospitals amid fears of an epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome.
"Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness," Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
In the space of three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five 5 stock when its share price hovered around $24 to 37th on the list.
Then his body was dumped a few blocks away, found in a driveway on Argyle Road.
The new P25-S507 sports a 17-inch display with a resolution of 1,440 pixels by 900 pixels the same as Apples PowerBook.
The key vote Thursday was on a provision that temporarily eliminates the dividend tax.
"We did not want to shut down," Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein, one of O'Donnell's lawyers.
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers.
The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home.
Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb. 1.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
The Commission has publicly said one of its goals is to ensure other producers' server software can connect to desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's can.
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims."
"You can't win elections by looking through the rear view mirror," he said.
The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
And she has a boyfriend, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family today.
The Government shut down in Washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday.
Gov. Bob Holden asked Bush to declare 39 Missouri counties disaster areas.
The affidavit said Mr. al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using one Yemeni and two U.S. passports.
An attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month.
The coalition passed some of the world's most progressive social legislation, legalising gay marriage and euthanasia.
Passenger Keith Charlton, who also tackled the attacker, praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant.
Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment.
Revenue rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion from $43.6 billion a year ago.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> slipped 44.32 points, or 0.48 percent, to 9,240.25.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
"Poland, Spain and Germany, were ready to talk about a deal," he said.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
DB2 Cube Views automates the process of creating metadata by defining, describing, and indexing information in a database.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
The amendment deals with the free exercise of religion versus the government establishment of a religion.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Based on having at least one of these symptoms, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year.
In his speech, Stern says his members are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions on health care issues.
The secrecy surrounding terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah was again smashed when witnesses from Malaysia testified in the treason trial of Abu Bakar Bashir.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
But the institute says the department ‘‘woefully underestimates’’ the changes that would occur if the proposal is implemented.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using D.S.L.
The largest supplier of medicines was Canada, followed by India, Thailand and the Philippines.
Within two years, 259, or 10 percent, of the youths reported they had started to smoke or had at least taken a few puffs.
Authorities evacuated residents and closed off the road leading to Waterman Canyon.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Falconer will hold on, for now, to the Lord Chancellor's Great Seal, used to sign off instructions from the sovereign.
They frequently tortured and shot prisoners, severing ears and scalps for souvenirs.
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
She started taking supplements two years ago - partly to stave off mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
France has a unique unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
"I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy."
It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self-interest through cooperation with others,' said Mr Goh.
"I think it's obvious I'm not riding as well as I have in years past.
One of those infected reported having recent contact with exotic animals there.
On Friday, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf said she would take over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
When I talked to him last time, did I think it was the end-all?
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday, pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing.
The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001.
He added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent.
Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not anti-Semitic.
The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated, at different times, to be $952 million or $2.8 billion.
Through 2040, Indiana's population is expected to increase by about 19 percent, to more than 7.2 million people.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
The vote for mayor followed City Council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, chairing the summit, said he was prepared to call an extra informal meeting of leaders next month on the constitution if necessary.
The group's leadership in Gaza insisted on Tuesday that it was still committed to the ceasefire.
On Friday, authorities had said the state police would head the investigation.
The skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out, causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing panties with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, correct?"
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Up to a foot of rain and at least seven tornadoes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing a man and destroying at least four homes.
Already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the mid-Atlantic.
"I fear on this occasion what happened is that those bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected," he said.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
On Monday, the number of SARS cases in China passed 5,000, hitting a total of 5,013.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
He added that the decision will "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
Mortgage rates around the country fell again this week, the ninth time this year rates have hit an all-time low.
"I'm still not red-hot favourite," Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
"Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people."
"It was a total mockery of justice, a parody," said Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived here.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht (US$298), excluding taxes, the report said.
"The fact is, this was a program that was built for concealment.
The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has identified the deceased passengers at the scene as Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del-Angel Lozano, 34.
NITED NATIONS, Aug. 26 International inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium at an Iranian facility, according to a new confidential report distributed today.
Nelson stared down referee Joey Crawford during a timeout with 2:46 left in the first quarter and San Antonio leading 26-16.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Other recommendations included the creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to fully protect marine reserves.
He said federal regulators would work with the corporation to ensure a "smooth transition."
Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
The appeals court has generally proved a favorable venue for Microsoft.
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.
Gasps could be heard as the photo was projected onto the screen.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93.
"Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
Her proposal to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
Intel said midway through its quarter, which ended in June, that business was exactly as expected.
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market," said Rusty Wood, chairman of the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports.
However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems.
Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors' recommendation of chemotherapy, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
"I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships."
The deal creates a company with about $2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers.
He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents."
When Brooks was killed in an automobile accident Monday in Minnesota, Taylor lost a good friend.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
Quarterly profit climbed to $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, from $20.8 million, or 10 cents, a year earlier, the company said.
"It was a great shock," said Mohcine Douali, who lives in central Algiers.
"The First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates, No. 01-1806.
Whether it works out timewise with all four, I don't know but we will see what happens."
The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds."
"Tonight he was an offensive catcher," Cubs manager Dusty Baker said.
Since it was launched Monday, the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
The defeat for suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was expected.
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention," Woods said, referring to his 42 on the front nine Saturday.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
Journalists were not the only people notified that their phone calls had been intercepted.
"My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events."
Steverson said Williams, who was white, was a racist.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
In a 1992 case, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice, but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
The earnings beat by a penny the consensus estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
More than 60 per cent of its 1,000 employees at the time were killed.
Only two of the bidders have so far expressed interest in buying all the assets -- Davis and Bronfman.
Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill's fate for a few more weeks.
Variable annuity sales surged 82 percent to $4.2 billion.
U.S. administration officials said Snow's rate comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.
However, one subset of patients, women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy, "appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival."
Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the processor most often used, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch.
The U.S. military's task, in this period, is to provide security.
U.S. District Judge Edward W. Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals.
Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay.
That season, the Rams finished the regular season ranked 11th and were a No. 2 seed in the NCAA tournament.
Economic damages, such as lost wages or medical costs, wouldn't be capped under Bush's plan.
Meanwhile, the Connecticut attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, said he was considering legal action against Mr. Abraham's order.
Schneiderman said the price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial status as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more at the turnstile in a recession.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
The legislation, approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee, may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Analysts' average forecast was $4.02 per share on revenue of $25.56 billion.
It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points and was conducted Thursday through Saturday.
For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
Cordiant has been a target since it lost a crucial client, Allied Domeq, in April.
According to the company filings, the investigation "appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
Britain's Department for Transport said ''the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent,'' and suspended flights after 6 p.m. EDT.
The American Soldier was first selected as Times Person of the Year during the Korean War in 1950.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions.
The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered.
"Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," said Jon Sohn, international campaigner for Friends of the Earth.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> slipped 0.26 point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,121.96.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs.
Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available.
Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a "black magic" ceremony.
The Z200 features a color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sounds.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates.
The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate.
Both are in the cocoa-growing west of the world's top producer in a region where fighting is complicated by the presence of Liberians on both sides.
Smiledge said he hasn't spoken with his son in eight years and wants nothing to do with him.
BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners.
Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve, to 2 1/2 cents from 15 cents.
France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman from Dayton, Ohio, climbed over the same 10th-floor ledge and plunged to his death.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be complete during the final calendar quarter of 2003.
Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
I mean, these are violent surgeries, and I wanted to properly convey that."
Under the original Roe v. Wade ruling, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Mills yesterday admitted, "We made some mistakes with this exam and it's up to us to identify and correct them.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
There was no transcript of Thursday's courtroom session in Tarrytown, which is 12 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River.
A car and a house were hit in the new shootings, the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County, Steve Martin, said.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Three times in a row, they failed to get a big _enough turnout to elect a president.
He was arrested less than 1km from where he allegedly kidnapped Jennette Tamayo after beating her mother and brother.
Robinson's election was hailed in some quarters as a major breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned by others as a "rebellion against God's created order."
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to any tribal activity.
Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills, down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year.
Senator Brandis backed Dr Hollingworth's claims he had been denied natural justice by the Anglican Church inquiry into the claims against him.
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
Authorities and Baylor officials say Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
If those loss reductions continue, further rate reductions should be ordered, Bordelon said.
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries because they had signed but not yet ratified immunity agreements.
Shares of AT&T climbed 4 percent, adding to the previous day's 6 percent rise.
In the first quarter of 2003, AMD reported a net loss of $146 million, or 42 cents per share, on sales of $715 million.
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, senior research fellow with the Pew project.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' to name our network.
A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Kevin Umphrey at 688-4163 or Crime Stoppers at (800) 458-8477.
The panels outline the twin towers' history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept. 11, 2001.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
French troops defend a group of foreigners as they board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them kept in place.
Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets.
The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Monzon, was believed to be among the missing, who are presumed dead.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent, or 72 cents, to close at $18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
"Of course, I want to win again, but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious," he said.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
The fawn, named for university researcher Duane Kraemer, turns 7 months old today.
Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, based in Fort Carson, Colo.
As for a free trade area, the official stressed that weve got a long, long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that.
The NCSD has about 60 employees, Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection, said at a briefing today.
But he urged the delegates who elected him to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to believers who "will not understand what you've done here today."
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,661.51, based on the latest available figures.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power.
Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
The cables can carry far more power, and can be turned on and off like water spigots, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were "inappropriate."
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
White, who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, had been undergoing dialysis and had been hospitalized since a September stroke.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined by 4.39, or 0.4 percent, to 998.88, after losing 6.11 on Thursday.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Haskell said 57 percent were Hispanic, 10 percent Asian, 7 percent black and 16 percent white.
In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
That compares with a profit of $446 million, or seven cents per share, on revenue of $6.32 billion in the same period last year.
A photo of Linda Franklin's bloodied body was shown on a large screen in the courtroom yesterday.
Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare.
The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
I never attended a youth camp organised by that diocese."
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the United States last year.
The European Commission is expected to issue its decision in the case next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men's basketball, women's basketball and men's soccer.
In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient.
FCC officials said the embedded electronic signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer copies to the Internet.
Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer.
Linux company SuSE was today acquired by Novell in a $210 million all-cash deal.
Both have been identified as some of the hijackers who flew American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon.
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself.
Also Monday, one soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad.
Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco.
According to WWF, a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones.
Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst.
He had also said on the eve of Monday's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcome.
Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan.
In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Imam Samudra, leader of the team that carried out the bombing, was sentenced to death last month.
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
Smith, who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted, is free on $250,000 bond.
No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racings top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event, Wheeler said Tuesday.
"Californians understand that we have some real problems ... and they want commonsense solutions, and recall isn't one of them," said Davis adviser Roger Salazar.
Last week its American owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
Shalom said there was also a possibility that "the president will come to this area."
"The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him.
Some 11.8 million shares have changed hands, well above its daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
Dr. Ostroff also said it was still too early to know whether a second wave would occur later in the winter.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
The Phillies were apparently upset when Counsell stole during the sixth with the Diamondbacks up 7-1.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
Under the plan, which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
They include two sitting archbishops, Harry J. Flynn of Minneapolis-St. Paul and Edwin F. O'Brien of the Military Services, head of all US military chaplains.
Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore.
Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have stepped in overnight and in Tokyo on Friday.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS.
Thus, he said, there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case, as has Levin.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
Nissan North America Inc. said Wednesday it was moving production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee, adding 800 jobs.
"Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities—tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity," he said.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving in a scene from the motion picture The Matrix Revolutions.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"I am excited to be fighting in Los Angeles and on HBO," Klitschko said.
Three other police officers were among five people who were seriously injured.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
Mr. Daschle said the Senate had confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Mr. Bush took office.
Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much."
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
"The deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over."
In another disaster, 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail, which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals.
She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AMC directors will have to abandon it to avoid trading while AMC is insolvent.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
The indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
A lower court had considered Hamidi to be trespassing on the Santa Clara-based chipmaker's servers, just as if somebody were squatting on a piece of physical private property.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
But he added: "The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people."
New cases might continue to appear until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted, they said.
"Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts.
In exchange for new tax breaks, it would remove $55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law.
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," Hagel said on ABC's "This Week."
The worker's taxable income is reduced by that amount, saving money at tax time.
A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold.
He continued, "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
The outbreak was particularly intense in Colorado, where more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died in the past month.
Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
The health ministers also announced plans for healthy living and tobacco control strategies.
She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites.
His wife Yekaterina Dmitriyeva, whom he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his daunting mission, was waiting for him in Moscow.
Not only giving his blessing but he asked that we hit the target well."
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
With Smithfields leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief Surya Dharma told reporters: "Of course they may not go.
Some 1.6 billion shares traded on the Big Board, a 17 percent increase over the three-month daily average.
It was defeated by 297 votes to 117, a Government majority of 180.
TEGA is the product of University of Arizona planetary scientist William Boynton, co-investigator on the Phoenix mission.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson, Calif.
Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88.
Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex," the report says.
WorldCom's problems came to light last year, and the company filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people.
If the creditors turn down the bailout plan, LG Group may have to closedown its card business.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing.
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said.
The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates.
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him."
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
One group had taken the other group's human cargo earlier, he said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
The plan would likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats from Texas, versus the current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travellers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday.
However, the agency said it will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use if requested by outside authorities.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Freddie Mac shares were off $7.87, or 13.2 percent, at $52 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
She was booked out of view of the media, then released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.
Her father, Roma King Florin Cioaba, had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
One by one they strolled to the microphone, all 251 youngsters in the 76th Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee.
In the second installment of a three-legged, record $58 billion refunding, the U.S. Treasury is slated to sell $18 billion in five-year notes on Wednesday.
Citigroup (C) on Wednesday named Marjorie Magner chairman and chief executive of its colossal global consumer business.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
Simon & Schuster declined comment on the potential lawsuit and would not confirm the contents of the story.
"Germany is on the right path," he added, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and tax cuts.
The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains, up 4.64 at 1,735.34.
Carter, who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
"They feel so happy making jokes about a mistake like that," Sosa said.
Harman sought to strike a balance as some Democrats pushed for deeper investigations into intelligence on Iraq's weapons programs.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
It said FirstEnergy determined that a contractor had established an unprotected computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the so-called ``Slammer'' worm to spread internally.
There are just a handful of Catholics left in Banja Luka.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
The Texas house requires 100 of its 150 members to present in order to conduct business.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
OS ANGELES Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, is a French curve in a city of T squares.
"The evidence that we had of weapons of mass destruction was drawn up and accepted by the Joint Intelligence Committee," he said.
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, is talking to other bands to replace the Stones.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
Weber said late Thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
The stalemate involved less than 1 percent of the budget and had little to do with policy but everything to do with politics.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Baz Luhrmann's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $6 million.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2 million in fiscal 2003.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
About 80 percent of Pakistan's 140 million people are Sunnis.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
The television report that cost Forlong his career at Sky News and his wife a husband was aired on March 29.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart.
But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes.
After a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez, who was at the auto shop, agreed they should notify police.
In lieu of a direct patch, Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released.
The company also defended its right to "create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism."
EMC intends to operate Legato as a software division of EMC from Legato's current base in California.
The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days, Zimmer said.
But late yesterday, the campaign and the state Democratic Party said there would be no news conference.
But the measure also requires the secretary of health and human services to certify that the reimportation can be done safely.
But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed.
Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities said.
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until his term ends in 2006, unless his government falls before then.
No one has found blood, bones or any other trace of the child.
The airline expects to save another $100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts.
When shown pictures of unfamiliar faces, adults who were shy toddlers showed a relatively high level of activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
After a day of testimony, Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon.
"The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure," said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-N.Y.).
A U.S. soldier was killed in the early hours Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad, and another American serviceman died Friday.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $1.3260 <CAD=> as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Strayhorn has brought in a constitutional scholar to advise her on the reallocation.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
Another 28 per cent cited stronger demand, while eight per cent intended to boost profits through price increases.
Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City, near Michigan's Thumb.
We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups, he said.
NASCAR will get an estimated $75 million a year in cash and promotional concessions.
Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs, saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years.
DNA tests will be performed to confirm his identity.
Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30.
The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
In addition, Goldman raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share, up from 13 cents previously.
Medicaid, which receives federal and state funding, is the government health-insurance program for the poor.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
The suspects were charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
Boeing shares fell 95 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
It turned out that the "weapon" was part of a Halloween costume.
UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board, but gave no timeframe.
There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq, but most of the businesses are currently inoperative, he said.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others.
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.
Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year.
"My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
Following ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers that action was pending, it issued another statement in April which Hewitt has added to his suit.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him."
"If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches for years to come."
The program, which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer, is invisible to the computer's owner.
On March 6, the board, most of whose members were appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to impose the hikes.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
We will keep fighting, within the law, against the terrorist band."
One third of high-speed trains within France will run, national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer estimates.
Instead of Ragusa's remains, his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
It now has 600 fewer stores -- about 1,500 in all -- and a $2 billion loan.
Two of the six people that testified to Congress today were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing Yankees games.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the Journal.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
In Somalia, the report says, only 26 percent of adolescent girls have heard of AIDS and only 1 percent know how to protect themselves.
More than a dozen people were killed in those attacks.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman criticized President Bush on Wednesday for a sluggish economy that has kept Americans out of work.
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are in their time of when they're conducting their prayers."
The feature, which has the approval of book publishers, puts some 33 million pages of searchable text at the disposal of Amazon.com shoppers.
The dollar rose around 0.6 percent against the Japanese currency to 109.51 yen <JPY=> and climbed 1 percent against the Swiss franc to 1.3302 francs <CHF=>.
Forward pricing: Law that states mutual fund shares bought after 4 p.m. ET are priced at the next day's closing net asset value.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
The Standard & Poor's paper products index .GSPPAPR was one of the leading sectors, up 2 percent.
We're losing one or two American soldiers every day.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
Drinking caffeinated coffee, you see, may significantly reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes, the most common form of the disease.
Western and southwestern Germany were expected to see temperatures hit 38 C (100.4 F).
In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation, Mr Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologised for his "lapse of journalistic integrity".
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday.
In after-hours trading, Hewlett-Packard shares rose 55 cents, to $22.86, according to Instinet.
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing cases on the recall, but the prospects are uncertain.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.
The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
In 2001, the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade.
Subway, bus and suburban rail services in France's four largest cities -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, transport authorities said.
Perkins also had a $200,000 buyout clause in his contract.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
"The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," Joseph Schmitz, Defence Department inspector general, said.
Rehnquist wrote that the system was not narrowly tailored to achieve the interest in educational diversity.
Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a survey.
H-P came in second with nearly $3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market's revenue.
She has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss of two days ago.
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination and when my car is due for maintenance," he said.
Since sinking to 2003 lows in early March, the Dow Jones industrial average has rallied 13.8%.
"Once the legislation enters into force, it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Wells Fargo was not available for comment, and a Quicken Loans spokeswoman declined immediate comment.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
Pearson, led by Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, publishes its interim results this week.
Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right.
"In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate," she said.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and few were predicting what fate the bill would meet there.
The firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
At least 11 people remained hospitalized Saturday, three of them in critical condition.
In central Chungchong province, a landslide caused a Seoul-bound Saemaeul Express train to derail, injuring 28 people, local television said.
The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment.
As of yesterday afternoon, 22 suspected cases had been reported in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
The team will help draft a plan by the end of the year to attack obesity.
For the full year, high-speed ADSL increased by 64 percent.
"It is unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt.
The arrest came hours after the girl turned up at a convenience store several cities away and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
Ride will be enshrined along with astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein.
Such an amount would probably be unable to summon a majority of the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
The results ranged from 1 per cent or 2 per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality brand called American Spirit.
The board is investigating whether this compromised safety on the shuttle.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is on his way to take command of the international space station.
In Baghdad, police Lieut. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators arrived at the station demanding jobs.
Clark, one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination, said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security.
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . [and strengthens] our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."
Television replays, though, showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara's boot (262 for 4).
Since 2001, the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio, and Washington.
Peterson, 30, is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) jumped $2.88, or 15.7 percent, to $21.28.
Shares of Corixa rose 54 cents, or about 8 percent, to close at $7.74.
Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders.
Last week, Nur al-Din Muliff, a 36-year-old of North African origin, was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne.
Alcohol-related fatalities accounted for 41 percent of the total number of deaths.
"I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records," the spokesman said.
Jews, Americans and their allies had "evil" plans to colonise nations like Indonesia, Amrozi said.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
Four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks.
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.
CS Financial Services made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent less than in the fourth quarter of last year.
The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats.
That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday.
Recall sponsors say they have submitted 1.6 million signatures.
Carlton Dotson, who was on the team last season and lives in Hurlock, Md., said he was told not to talk about the case.
PowderJect, roughly 20 percent owned by Chief Executive Paul Drayson and his family, reported surging annual profit early this month.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
The Web site said Dr. Aronov had passed two lie detector tests, one administered by the police.
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of servicemen and women during his 25 years of service," Frist said.
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days, the officials said on condition of anonymity.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center, police said in a news release.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne could be kept in intensive care for “several days” following his quad bike accident, his doctor said tonight.
Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $6.7 billion, on average, according to a survey by Reuters Research.
From there he plans to visit South Africa and make stops in Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria.
Bishop Thomas O'Brien, 67, was booked on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident.
Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar also filed a lawsuit Tuesday against Invesco, accusing it of violating the state's Consumer Protection Act.
Holding the market back, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell two percent to A$12.34 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 2.3 percent to A$4.73 after a weak performance overnight.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
But he said there was a "total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds".
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
With the purge, Siebel will have cut 2,400 employees - or nearly one-third of its workforce - since the end of 2001.
Ms. Kennedy Cuomo's lawyer, William D. Zabel, said she would not comment.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
Microsoft has released a critical update for its newly released office suite, Office 2003.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
Howard said there was always a risk of casualties.
"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
The water blocking the airport road swamped several buildings, including a Federal Express depot.
"He's wild, he wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man."
Sovereign said it expects the merger to close in the first quarter of 2004, subject to regulatory and First Essex shareholder approval.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition, their support will not waver.
Traditional tests also are available at no cost today.
She insisted that throughout the mission, managers "were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time."
The woman -- who has no symptoms of illness -- donated blood Aug. 7.
In a statement Monday, his lawyer John Keker said ``Frank Quattrone is innocent.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of Voinovich and another wavering senator, Nelson of Nebraska.
Shares of the cigarette makers jumped on the news, led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.30.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points, or 0.17 percent, at 995.81.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Since Sept. 11, 2001, the six largest airlines have lost a combined $18 billion.
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up a mere 0.04 of a point at 1,653.
A top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested yesterday for allegedly raping a 22-year-old legislative staffer after a night on the town.
According to the GBI, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
Istomin later married Casals' widow, Marta, after Casals' death in 1973.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
The arrest was reported in The Washington Times today.
The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder.
The third and final film, "The Matrix Revolutions," will be released in November.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
Their appointments increase Berkshire's board to nine from seven members.
The high court reversed a decision by a U.S. appeals court that upheld the law.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
The address made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemaah Islamiyah, which was behind the attacks.
The report quotes extensively from internal e-mails, including one from a former CIBC executive who described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."
The MDC said that an opposition supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them.
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country," said Paul Tellier, Bombardier chief executive.
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
The newspaper also reported that two key leaders were out of town during part of Columbia's flight.
Without an adopted resolution, no Iraqi, U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
"The (drug) benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up," Grassley said.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death.
The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
Garner said reconstruction will not be as difficult as he anticipated because the war caused less damage and created fewer refugees.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground."
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
He had served nine years in prison, including two on death row, when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor.
They often complain about misconduct," John Goold, chief deputy district attorney for Stanislaus County said.
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with a series of church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, when 19 people were killed.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed further by a diplomatic spat over North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
The only passenger airline serving Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, said it was suspending service for three days.
Mr Truss said he made "no apologies" the negotiations had been undertaken in secret.
The official, describing the apprehension at Boston's Logan International Airport, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.
Parson is charged with one count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of 11 September," the suit says.
Other Japanese banks, some of which are still being audited, could face similar scrutiny.
"Over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even," he said.
"It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
"The court and the public need to know more of the defendants' seemingly massive fraud," he said.
In its report, the foreign affairs committee absolved Mr. Blair of charges of doctoring intelligence.
Alleged stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons have not turned up, nor has significant evidence of a nuclear-weapons program.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC crept up 5.05 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,595.80.
Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
He also left out any reference to amending the constitution to guarantee private property rights.
It was to fly a plane in the White House."
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid problems with lost or stolen refunds by having refunds deposited directly into personal checking or savings accounts.
In all, more than 70,000 troops based in Southern California were deployed to Iraq.
BP shares slipped 48 cents to $41.72 Friday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The parade, which moved west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights past hundreds of thousands of spectators, went through the district that Davis represented.
"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too fast, given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data.
The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco's corporate jets for business trips, sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski.
It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
His supporters were also infuriated that Mr Reagan was played by James Brolin, the husband of Barbra Streisand, a leading Hollywood Democratic activist.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems' Java software in its Windows operating system.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
U.S. companies slashed payrolls for a seventh straight month in August, raising new worries that a weak jobs market could shackle the budding economic recovery.
Another Chechen emergency ministry official, Ruslan Khadzhiyev, said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT.
A warrant for Taylor's arrest has been served on the Ghanaian authorities and sent to Interpol.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors voted unanimously on Friday to recommend that stockholders reject Oracle's upgraded bid for a hostile takeover.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.
Tuesday’s testimony is to give an inside look at tax-shelter development and marketing.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 1.8 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,732.50.
They traded down early this year to 60 percent of face value on fears Aquila may default.
In addition, Hambali laments, "all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests," and "JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
Many doctors say she is in a persistent vegetative state and cannot recover.
The registry was launched with $20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
In the first quarter, SCO had reported a net loss of $724,000, or 6 cents per diluted share, on revenue of $13.5 million.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
Then, about two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice, the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained.
Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high, with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time.
The discoveries came after a package bomb went off in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi on Sunday.
"It was never the intention of us to sell product," federal Health Minister Anne McLellan said yesterday in Edmonton.
But the timing of homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, is now indefinite.
For the entire fiscal year, Micron lost a record $1.27 billion on sales of just under $3.1 billion.
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.
In a conference call yesterday, he said, "I don't think that my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week."
"Obviously, I have made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous because that's the way I was."
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes," FCC chairman Michael Powell said.
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said the Supreme Court did not address the merits of the case.
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
"However, the report also tells us that once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
"Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served."
But the judge, Louis York, said the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs afterward.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.
New York has by far the country’s most expensive Medicaid program, costing taxpayers $7,646 per recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the same the day the bodies were identified through DNA testing.
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
The other main electrical goods retailers are Argos, part of GUS, privately owned Littlewoods and PowerHouse.
Sun filed the suit after the government's successful antitrust suit against Microsoft.
Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals, which were never approved.
A female colleague, 25, was slashed across the face as the man continued to try to reach the front of the plane.
A total of 16.3 million lines provided advanced services, those services at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.
Daniel said D'Antonio left between 7:15 p.m. and 8 p.m and it takes about two hours to drive from his home to Nashville.
Cullen, 43, is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Two schools, Duke and North Carolina, have steadfastly opposed expansion.
Flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion, while diagnostics sales fell one percent in francs to 3.57 billion.
Financial terms of the sale, which is expected to be completed by the end of August, were not disclosed.
ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004.
The two leaders said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue".
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
The benchmark S&P/TSX composite index rose 29.12 points yesterday to 7,633.61.
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," he said.
The move follows a recent proposal by Mr Vajpayee, whoended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic links and restoration of air services with Pakistan.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
On Wednesday, at 7.51pm, Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years.
The software maker is seeking to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
The officers -- Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy -- were acquitted in 2000 of state murder charges.
"I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening . . . It was mostly a monologue."
Wells, 46, said he was forced to rob the bank and asked police to help take the bomb off.
Our party will never be the choice of the N.R.A., and I'm not looking to be the candidate of the N.R.A.," a reference to the National Rifle Association.
Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food.
One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers.
Democrats hold a 17-15 edge in the state's U.S. House delegation.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
Another 29 cases were listed as suspected, and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Police investigating a deadly hit-and-run accident went to the home of Phoenix's Roman Catholic bishop on Monday and found the windshield of his car caved in, authorities said.
He replaces Leland Brendsel, 61, who retired as chairman and chief executive.
Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday.
Its shares fell $9.61 to $50.26, ranking as the NYSE's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser.
One month after Hurricane Claudette pounded Texas, hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the coast as fast-moving Tropical Storm Erika churned across the gulf.
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson, Calif.
The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Even when the exchange detected such violations, it "often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions" against individuals or firms.
United said it the new airline use 40 jets, each seating 156 passengers.
Now they were waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan would try to repair the damage done to bond prices in his testimony to the House next week.
Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning, medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.
Joe Nichols, who is touring with Jackson, captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
The compilers are available in two forms: The Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ is available from Intel for $399, and is intended for applications development.
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the ATF said.
Its shares fell 4.6 percent, or $4.04, to $83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow's biggest percent loser.
Earlier this week, Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
"We'll be listening carefully to the (IAEA) director-general's report at the next board meeting."
Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster, Mass., where he died at 1:17 p.m.
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate," Stuart says, "marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising."
Rescue and search operation was on to find them, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
Both devices use Palm OS 5.2 and feature a completely new form factor that resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels 180 degrees.
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares, below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday.
The main rebel force, the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy, fears a peacekeeping force could bolster Taylor.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
"There are defining moments for players and organizations where you are measured.
Because the companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely they signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period.
The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were "interdependent, essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations".
The S&P rose 13.78, or 1.5 percent, to 930.08, the best level since Jan. 14.
The two flight attendants were in a serious but stable condition last night after being rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
The previous biggest R rated opening was "Hannibal's" $58 million.
The second rover is scheduled for launch on June 25 and both will arrive at Mars in January.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Kerkorian and Tracinda had also tried to take over Chrysler in 1995.
The outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and economic uncertainty in Europe and America have depressed air travel.
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer.
SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
She said another man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, "tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn't let him."
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years, far above the 12 percent inflation in that period.
The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions.
Both were taken to Boston Medical Center.
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
He was sentenced to more than seven years in prison after pleading guilty to charges including securities fraud.
She looked at her son-in-law and his relatives at times, but the two sides did not exchange words.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Two brothers who were among seven people accused of aiding terrorists pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiring to help Al Qaeda and the Taliban during the war in Afghanistan.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Like Viacom, General Electric is seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared with Bronfman or Davis.
He was declared dead on arrival at Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington at 9:13 a.m.
Government sources said Mr Howard urged the US to provide clear rules governing any potential trials.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress.
Nancy Reagan issued a statement last week to the Fox News Channel saying, "The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me.
"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past," said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker.
Haemochromatosis is a disorder in which people absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
Although the Beatles were deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, their popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock groups.
In an advertisement for the book, Berg says, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation.
Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
In May, Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn that seeks more than $20 million in damages, Hart said.
In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition.
Global HRT sales were worth $3.8bn (2.4bn) in 2001, according to Datamonitor, the London-based market research company.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area, Petty Officer Ryan Doss said.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," he told the Register.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US$12 billion in 2004.
Robbins said he wants to take networks such as ESPN that charge more than $1 per Cox customer and make them optional choices.
Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
Four years ago, California activist Marc Kasky sued Nike under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
"This is going to put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said during a breakfast with reporters.
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.50 on Wednesday, to close at $50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Elsewhere in theaters this weekend, "X2" earned $17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $174 million.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, will sign off after a two-hour finale next May.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
SIRTF is the last of NASA's so-called Great Observatories.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking.
"I've played Brazilian music, but I'm not Brazilian.
The book, scheduled for publication next month, has been described by Franken as a criticism of right wing leaders and media spokespeople.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The affidavit says al-Amoudi was detained Aug. 16 attempting to travel from London to Damascus, Syria.
Farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection, although some packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet.
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America," Kerry said.
Dell made $950,000 in salary and nearly $2.5 million in bonus pay during the fiscal year.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer shoppers camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although parking lots were beginning to fill at some East Coast shopping centers.
Josephine Burke, who ran the illegal day care, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges.
"We wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from," said Robert Schindler.
A judge branded Mohammed Dica's behaviour "despicable" and added: "There is no evidence of your remorse."
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 65 new cases, its biggest one-day increase yet.
The industry came under renewed scrutiny recently with the launch by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of an investigation of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $4.55 billion, from $4.59 billion.
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted "Celia, Celia."
"Spam knows no borders," said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior vice-president and general counsel.
Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council.
Phone companies, which have argued that DSL should be subject to less regulation, had mixed reaction.
Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere.
The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
Police have arrested a "potential suspect" in the abduction of 9-year-old Jennette Tamayo, San Jose Police Chief William Lansdowne said Monday.
He was chief executive of BOCHK until he was suddenly recalled to Beijing last month.
If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May, it was likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.
Dwight Watson, 50, was convicted of making a false threat to detonate explosives and of destroying federal property.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
Drax’s troubles began late last year when it lost its most lucrative sales contract, with the insolvent utility TXU Europe.
Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
His harsh criticism of the PLO's chairman, Yasser Arafat, saw the Palestinian Authority ban his books for a time.
The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
The question is whether there will be a hearing to determine if Bryant will stand trial.
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
WorldCom, decimated by a massive accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
Launched from space shuttle Atlantis (news - web sites) in 1989, Galileo will have traveled about 2.8 billion miles by the time it hits Jupiter.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive," Goldman said.
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
Mr Estrada has denied any involvement in the plot.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts.
Before the commitee was formed, Mr Howard was defiant, saying Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries".
The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent.
Advertising revenue at the Financial Times was down about 18 percent in the first half and recent months have seen little improvement.
He added that: "We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261."
Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years.
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Witnesses believe he wanted to crash Flight 1737, which had 47 passengers and six crew.
The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens".
Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses.
Now research by Melbourne's Alfred Hospital will change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
Spider-Man, rated PG-13, snatched $114.7 million in its first weekend and went on to take in $403.7 million.
In Las Vegas, federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah's and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar in downtown.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "Takbir!", or "Proclaim!", a religious rallying cry.
The company added: "IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of  IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit.
"The financial diplomacy we're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want," Mr. Snow said.
"Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available.
The more broadly based Nasdaq Telecommunications Index rose 0.7 percent.
The only difference is a tuner, a small piece of electronics."
And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time.
Agents described Carlow, 50, as a "major player'' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
The collaboration gives architect David Childs, who has done extensive work with Silverstein, the lead role in developing the tower, which is to be the world's tallest.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels.
Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday, many to flooded basements or lower floors.
But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and a member of DaimlerChrysler's management board, said EPI and P&W had presented "excellent proposals.
The products are priced at $575 and $295 in quantities of 10,000.
The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
He said, from a science standpoint, the city's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday.
Mike Austreng, the editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded person airlifted from the school and another taken away by ambulance.
The journal says: "Both are lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco."
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
Inamed shares dropped as much as about 16 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
Prior to completion, CCG said it will also extract surplus cash of $27 million to reduce net borrowings.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," Falcon said.
Marvell Technology also reported revenue of $168.3 million, exceeding the First Call estimate of $162.6 million.
Kraft's shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
Any payment to investors will be delayed, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 16.74, or 1 percent, to 1,650.75.
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 3.8 percent after saying on Friday it was seeing positive developments with its U.S. dollar sales.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, military officials told The Associated Press.
Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
It has no jurisdiction over his pay but does oversee the exchange's regulatory powers.
Automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiya neighborhood at midday today, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The government charged that Awadallah knew both hijackers when they lived in the San Diego area.
Others no longer have a good view, it said, because of civilian buildings built near them.
Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hope that Massachusetts' high court will take a similar step within a few weeks.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI is seen rising 0.2 percent, matching the July figure.
The matriarch, who celebrates her 81st birthday next month, was thanked personally yesterday for her generosity by actress Sarah O'Hare, National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone, PYY3-36, could curb the appetites of lean people.
Voyager 1 was launched on September 5, 1977, 16 days after its companion, Voyager 2.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
Operating expenses fell 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter from $65.8 million a year earlier.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
New York City will collect an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses, compared with the $125.4 million it collected in 2002.
Under state policy, DeVries was to be returned to San Jose, where he was last convicted.
Inquests into the deaths of Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Fayed will be formally opened in the New Year, the Royal Family's coroner announced yesterday.
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Saturday called for the urgent dispatch of a multinational force to Liberia to halt fighting between government and rebel forces that has killed hundreds.
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
Microsoft in Europe could not be immediately reached for comment.
They did visit after her feeding tube had been removed, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Roman Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25.
In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million.
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.
"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
From 1976 to 1980, it said, 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight.
The charges carry up to 25 years in prison and $1.25 million in fines.
In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by a maddening eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, doctors reported on Saturday.
The state House on Thursday approved legislation intended to clarify Michigan's corporate takeover law.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090, while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty.
Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture "Spike TV," according to a statement read in court Tuesday.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them."
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session.
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
HAINAN PROVINCE, China: Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said China plays an important role in the integration of Asia.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel.
Less than a mile away, across a river, St. Joseph features trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beach front.
Microsoft released Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, the first software client, for free download earlier this week.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, which Microsoft warned of 16 July.
In Palestine, a rural neighborhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had effusive praise for Lynch.
Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented.
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado overnight, raising hopes for firefighters battling two wind-whipped wildfires that forced thousands to flee and threatened hundreds of homes.
The outbreak seems to have begun with one of the roommates, a transfer from Taipei's Jen Chi Hospital.
The board's final report, which is expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident .
Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row, pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
The premium edition adds ISA Server, SQL Server and a specialized edition of BizTalk 2004.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome has infected 8459 people, 805 of whom died.
Its capacitance sensing technology electronically reads a fingerprint; Sony says it can't be fooled by paper copies and doesn't require cleaning.
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said.
Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
There is no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging, he said.
"There are some who feel like conditions are such that they can attack us there," Bush told reporters at the White House on Wednesday.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.
LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line all were stealing market share, he said.
Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
He said that by allowing power companies more flexibility, the Clear Skies Initiative would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.
But Gates dismissed the challenge coming from open-source programs, including those written for operating systems such as Linux.
The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Chances are, he will see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on Monday assumes command of the 4.600-strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) which is helping with security and reconstruction in the Afghan capital.
Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
After the war, she spent three years under Allied arrest.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman.
The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
"Right now, there is nothing we can do," Stegman said.
Soros criticised Snow's policy shift as a "mistake".
The Federal Open Market Committee will end its two-day policy-setting meeting and announce its decision on Wednesday.
Microsoft last month said it is updating its MSN Messenger service in October.
Sheriff's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
Mr Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw, have denied Ms Short's claims that Britain has reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
It's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Johnson and four other protesters, ages 69 to 86, were arrested for blocking the roadway.
Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time.
Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday.
"It's great to be back home," said Lu, dressed in a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.
After Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9, Riley forecast significant cuts in state programs.
He said a man in the seventh row in a "brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air" armed with sharp stakes.
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund.
The other six security agencies will report to a National Security Council headed by Arafat.
Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it.
The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash.
State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, and that Hackett had no connection to the college.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
Just before dawn Tuesday, searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
The median household earned income fell $500 over the same period to $42,400.
President George Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" to modernise the nation's power-sharing system.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
The main change, said CNN president Jim Walton, was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news.
Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam, the Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, Senator Richard Alston, announced today.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
In "Open Range," Costner plays a cowboy who works with cattleman Robert Duvall.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists, the ambassador said.
You can reach George Hunter at (313) 222-2027 or ghunter@detnews.com.
Estonia was forcibly incorporated in the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained its independence only in 1991.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
Microsoft officials presented "several options" it is considering, the W3C posting said.
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
About 57 gang members and associates were arrested across the West on Wednesday, some on charges not related to the casino brawl.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
At a hearing Wednesday morning, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men released on bail immediately.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
We're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
Manufacturers and grocers or distributors have a long history of complicated contracts offering retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
"Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice."
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
"All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group," Warner said.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
The variant the juvenile allegedly created was known as "RPCSDBOT."
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one to take a stance against terrorism. "
The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".
A secretary for James Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, said Eisenbrandt was reviewing the report this morning.
Nobody claimed responsibility for Schaichat's death, but police suspect that the 20-year-old soldier was abducted either by Palestinians or Israeli Arabs.
Ahead of the war, Blair cited British intelligence information that Saddam Hussein could deploy deadly chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes.
During the third quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores and now has 932 stores in 45 states.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a "criminal and terrorist" Israeli attack.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
He told the Register: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."
A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday.
Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
But 62% of Catholics live in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Muhammad, 42, is charged in the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean H. Meyers, 53, at a gas station in Manassas.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
The advance guard of the 9,200-strong multinational stabilization force Poland will command in central and southern Iraq left Wednesday on the country's biggest military mission in nearly 60 years.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points, or 0.17 percent, at 995.81.
Shares in Tellabs, after initially rising, were unchanged at $7.18 on Nasdaq shortly after midday.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
Harris also appears in the tape released Wednesday by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
The yield fell 7 basis points to 3.61 percent, the lowest since March 12 and within 7 basis points of a 45-year low.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
Excluding the $56 million charge and the accounting change, Ford's third-quarter earnings amounted to 15 cents a share.
Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter.
The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday.
Health officials confirmed Tuesday that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
"It's hard to imagine we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion," Bush said.
The House passed the bill 87-26 after the Senate approved it, 32-4.
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January.
The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
In a brief ruling, US District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. denied their motion for an injunction.
In ''The Order of the Phoenix,'' Harry is 15, and fully a teenager at last.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others.
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
A similar Florida straw poll in 1991 brought attention to Bill Clinton, according to Democrats.
Two Democrats, Sen. Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted with the 40 Republicans.
"Our own histories should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," she said.
Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license.
Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers, although Fine said his inquiry was not finished.
Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft, but details havent been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Since the election, the group has registered more than 400,000 voters.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points, or 1.42 percent, at 977.27.
Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said.
"Michael Jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges," Geragos said.
An investigation by BaFin, the German financial regulator, has condemned the bank's risk controls.
Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report.
Companies expected to benefit from the funds are Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd. and Sharp Corp.
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.
Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.
They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence for the dangers and risks of this and other drugs in the future."
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons.
Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen's "Persuasion" and Charlotte Bronte's "Jane Eyre" - Henchard is a breed apart.
U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp., which led the fight against Hoeveler.
At least 40 of the outlets will be in California, and analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients.
It has also been revealed that the boy’s family has launched two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a £90,000 settlement in one case.
Mr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier.
Of about 30 attempts to reach Mars, only 12 missions have succeeded.
Lucent's stock was up a penny at $2.22 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon.
Brian Stokes Mitchell, who stars in a revival of Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya of Movin Out fill out the category.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
Last week, a national study ranked Nissan's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America.
Drewes and his friend were pulling a mischievous, late-night game of "ding-dong-ditch" knocking on doors or ringing doorbells and running in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton.
Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
Right now it looks to me like it's going to be manageable," he said.
History aside, the diary reveals a colorful, witty, introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Spain's Pedro Duque came down in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 2:40 a.m. GMT.
Fasting glucose, used to measure diabetes risk, was 142 on average for those given usual care compared to 129 in the group given special treatment.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year.
Two other priests, the Revs Daniel C Clark and James Hargadon, and a former priest, Bruce Ewing, are awaiting trial.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
"It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM."
Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia.
Bank of America says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal.
Palm Beach County is prepared to kick in another $200 million to build the institute's campus.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director.
The American troops from 3-15 infantry, who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor, have been attacked on two occasions.
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
Hester said Sanmina's offer was the best among several Newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
Shares of the Oak Brook, Ill.-based hamburger giant closed at $24.60, up 51 cents, or 2.1 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
They appear in the Oct. 23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
In a generous gesture of uncharacteristic compassion, Samudra claims: "At that time I didn't agree because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren".
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national database last month.
In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."
"If you think this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong."
The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers, but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors.
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko achieved a first earlier this month when he married his earth-bound fiancee by video link.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
A senior Malaysian member of Jemaah Islamiah testified on June 26 that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had also called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez arrived at the airport in separate ambulances.
Paul Adams, BAT managing director, will take over as chief executive in January.
"His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City."
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said.
Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency.
He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
This will bring Nissan's total capital investment in Tennessee to $2.75 billion.
The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany's DAX index lost 1.9 percent.
Added to savings on the dividend, C&W's estimated lease commitments, one hurdle to its U.S. escape, fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison, or that he had remarried in Sydney.
"Our policies are well known and I'm not aware of any changes," Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added.
At least 13 flights out of Atlanta were listed as canceled.
The blaze, started by lightning June 6, is considered 95 percent contained.
"I go to their website and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," Mr. Booher told a reporter.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Experts say they think better treatment, including use of the drug tamoxifen and mammogram screening, are responsible.
As far as I know, he wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
Ragin and Hayes were accused of using a phony tuxedo rental business as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards.
It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban.
The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
The parents of a Briton being held hostage by Colombian rebels spoke yesterday of their optimism that he would be freed in time for his birthday next month.
Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 percent.
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: "We are in the process of a thorough internal review.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion.
Huweirini, who has worked closely with U.S. officials, was wounded in an attack Dec. 4, the U.S. officials said.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on.
There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court.
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson's software.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognise the results when Miss Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won by a landslide.
The findings will be reported Friday in the journal Physical Review Letters.
The nation's capital was quiet today, with the federal government shut down for the second day.
Avon bondholders have no recourse to Midlands's assets and at one point feared Aquila would default on interest payments.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
In the evening, he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks, which officers delivered.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Years later, Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father's funeral.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4-to-3 ratio on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Other potential suitors are not interested in acquiring only the music business.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent.
He added that the decision will "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery, south of the Tacoma Mall.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
"He's a known killer who was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed.
Analysts estimate peak annual U.S. sales of Xolair will top $200 million.
With integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, BlueCore3-Multimedia is available in LFBGA package.
In Chatsworth, 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were told to gather their belongings.
On Dec. 19, he gave Moore 15 days to remove it, but a week later stayed his order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The 92-year-old former president is suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
Last May, Hatfill was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood.
Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were "moving along impressively."
Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992.
Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments.
"That's one reason why I'm running to be president of the United States."
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced yesterday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation.
Franklin County Municipal Court Judge Janet Grubb approved dismissal of the charges.
While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda, the report says the relationship "may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
The two others, former Dynegy executives Helen Christine Sharkey, 31, and Gene Shannon Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
IBMof the US andInfineon Technologies of Germany willon Tuesdayannounce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
Fire spokesman Gordon Gay said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of burned areas from last year's Bullock fire.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
Iraqi officials here insist that the attacks are being carried out by "outsiders" who slip into Fallujah and attack at night.
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing.
GM is also expected to issue $3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering, market sources said.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Two hours later, at 3:22 p.m., a relative contacted police to report a suicide.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
In contrast, he said, West Nile virus made 4,156 people ill and killed 284 in the United States and Canada last year.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday, taking its total to 418.
A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
Even with time, he said, "it's going to be very difficult to determine the cause of death."
One of the shooting victims died, according to Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering.
He said the way the situation was being handled was undermining efforts to win international cooperation in the war on terror.
Once identified, terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored.
It's just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort."
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Those with a BMI of 50 or greater, sometimes called super obesity, increased by a factor of five, from one in 2,000 to one in 400.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in his letter.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there won't necessarily be any increase in pollution, the administration argues.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the Douglas County fire command center.
Earlier this month, Mr. Bremer called off a visit, in a move that officials confided at the time was linked to uncertainty on the Kurdish situation.
The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
A request for a two-month extension was denied and the Taiwan Stock Exchange is to ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.
It said they all had criminal records for stealing cattle and Lamas was twice imprisoned for armed robbery.
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism, and they can help cut cholesterol too.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court, dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire.
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: "We are in the process of a thorough internal review.
But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US, Australian and British military intelligence officers.
Judge Craig Doran said he couldn't determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but said he "has committed an evil act."
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
Lawyers for the telemarketers said there was no logical connection between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
"A lot of things (were said), but I'd prefer to leave it on the field," he said.
North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System announced plans for a tissue bank earlier this month.
The tone was set by Hu, 60, who became the Communist Party's general secretary last November and then the country's president this March.
Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
After that, it will take six to eight months more to refurbish the center, said Thomas Day, vice president of engineering for the Postal Service.
Boudin, 60, a former Weather Underground member, was granted parole last month despite heavy opposition by relatives, friends, and colleagues of the slain men.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
The deal is expected to close later this month.
An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
The S3C2440 has a built-in NAND flash boot loader, for example, so that high-density NAND flash memory can be installed without an additional support chip.
Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business.
Excluding food and energy prices, the PPI fell 0.9 per cent, the biggest drop since August 1993.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Spengler replied, "Didn't your mother die of breast cancer?
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
The new group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday to counteract the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's to one step above junk status.
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.
"We don't have new places to check," Waco public information officer Steve Anderson said.
"People who were on their way home, all of a sudden taken from us," Mr. Bloomberg said of the collision.
"This is a clear attempt to pinch money," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant with U.K.-based Sophos PLC.
He frequently criticizes the press, especially reporters and news organizations that reported on leaks from investigators.
Prosecutors say Mzoudi was involved in the preparations for the attack until the final moment and that he was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires added to the realism.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said.
In the first quarter, SCO had reported a net loss of $724,000, or 6 cents per diluted share, on revenue of $13.5 million.
Health professionals say there is no rabies vaccine for humans in Zimbabwe and, even if it was available, it is too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.
The 13-year veteran has passed for 21,438 yards and 118 touchdowns with 67 interceptions.
More developed APEC members say failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
But she was expected to be a victim in a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has all but popped the champagne bottle.
"The legislation I'm proud to sign today benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with "The Matrix Revolutions."
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
State and federal securities regulators filed civil charges against Putnam Investments and two portfolio managers in the ever-expanding mutual fund trading scandal.
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"
Naim al-Goud, the newly appointed mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region attacked the pipeline.
During the flight, engineers underestimated the extent of the damage, and even then lamented that the liftoff photography was so poor.
The t33kid.com site is registered to Parson at an address in Hopkins, Minnesota.
Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, of 27 Devon Road, Darien, was arrested Nov. 20 by state police and charged with first-degree larceny.
The pictures were taken late Tuesday and early Wednesday as the as the planet made its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.
He is holding them up until the Air Force agrees to assign four additional C-130 cargo planes to the Idaho Air National Guard.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic rebound in the year's second half.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," Bennett said.
The American Association of Nursing Colleges reported that schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants last year.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Three retailers _ Dillard's Inc., Kohl's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. _ got Fs.
It would be a daunting challenge for even the sharpest programming wizards: set up a secure computer network for the 190,000 workers in the Homeland Security Department.
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
Governor Rowland said his decision was "not based on any one event."
Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up and later released, while Mr Pennisi thinks he may have cracked ribs.
The anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone.
Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.
Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic.
Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement.
Ms. Kethley, who has repeatedly denied any infidelity, has recounted a similar story.
"Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did."
Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum's death.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature.
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it.
Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m.
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," Dr. Goin added.
Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons, all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003."
Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series.
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually.
Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday.
On Tuesday, figures also showed Italian business confidence slipped again in May to its lowest level in 16 months, doing nothing to discourage rate cut expectations.
It would also further reduce capital expenditure by retiring some aircraft and delaying the delivery of new places.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart's parents.
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Normally, redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census.
Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Collins also said two of his assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were broken.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend.
The school had argued that it violated the state's neutrality in religion.
He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222.
The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city, 50 km (32 miles) west of Baghdad.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent, and the Standard & Poor's fell 4.9 percent.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing.
Britain has said it wants to haggle over articles of the draft calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy.
Around the same time, hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers, officials said.
Following their assessment, each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds.
The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck.
According to the company, it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software.
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
Conway called the move "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."
Hernandez had breast cancer and Moore is being treated for non-Hodgkins lymphoma.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
The House would limit the increases to those troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan combat zones, but not troops supporting those war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October.
It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system.
The DirectBand network was developed with the assistance of SCA Data Systems.
On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open.
The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II.
Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press.
In neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming, the CDC's deputy director for Public Health and Science.
AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences.
Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki out at the team's morning shootaround.
Rescue workers arriving at February's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help, rescue tapes released Thursday show.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while average 25 percent increases took effect May 1 on suburban trains.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will be the testing site next month for a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night.
The latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses, neither of which is currently available under Medicare.
Noteworthy: Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days.
At the same time, the number of injuries dropped, from 3.03 million in 2001 to 2.92 million in 2002.
No dates have been set for either the civil trial or the criminal trial.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
McNair was stopped just after midnight by a police officer who reportedly saw his sports utility vehicle weaving on a downtown street.
"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Chin said.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph.
The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption.
He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "swimmer with a large penis."
"I think we should hesitate," Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, said at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April.
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the "idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque," WBAL reported.
Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday afternoon, but there was no sign of the two women, said Chatham Harbormaster Stuart Smith.
Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl.
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.
The agency could put no exact date on the tape, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
"Nevertheless, I believe the Patriot Act has turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake."
But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
When we opened here, we originally planned an 18-month run as a part of a North American tour.
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose 77 cents to $21.27, and Johnson & Johnson, which increased 95 cents to $53.95.
Still, the scientists said, a third of those taking it would benefit, gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease.
"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
On-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4 billion by 2005, and revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline 8 percent, Forrester predicted.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session.
The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times.
The next government is expected quickly to come under pressure to hand over iwar criminals or risk losing crucial Western aid.
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11."
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
Unilever Bestfoods said its "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter' margarine spreads will be free of trans fat by next year.
On the stand Wednesday, she testified that she was referring to the kissing before the alleged rape.
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center, where they died a short time later.
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The group has already met several times and Gen. Garner said it probably will be expanded to include a Christian and perhaps another Sunni Muslim leader.
Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week.
If passed, the measure will return to the Senate for concurrence with House amendments.
But five pools contained no traces of disinfectant leaving bathers open to cross-infection.
The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
They also disagree over ethanol - sacred in Iowa - and on authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaskas wildlife refuge.
Analysts say Davis, a Democrat, could get a boost in the polls if the 29-day-old budget crisis is resolved without further delay.
"There are more people surrounding the clubhouse than surrounded the Unabomber's home in the hills.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she is considering the possibility of further legal action but declined to elaborate.
After striking the pedestrian, the pickup traveled south on Hemphill Street, then turned west on Drew Street going about 60 mph, Jones said.
The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability," said Katsumi Ihara, president of Sony Ericsson.
Mr. Weill's longtime confidant, Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as his successor.
That wasn't all: by 2010, Mr. O'Neill said, he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States.
The 36 employees at Think Dynamics will remain in Toronto and become IBM employees, Crowe said.
Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson, Ellettsville.
It suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position, rather than a political appointment.
Canadian officials were also expected to meet yesterday with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
Li is the deputy chairman of Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd. <0001.HK>.
GE's shares closed at $30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday.
Richardson and Fletcher campaign manager Daniel Groves rejected the request.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> added 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, at 995.69.
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said it highlighted the need for product regulation.
Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
The U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket propelled grenades, mortars and small arms originating from bunkers as well as within and atop surrounding buildings.
HCA Inc. (nyse: HCA - news - people), the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $1.21, or 3.2 percent, to $37.14.
The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location.
His lack of co-operation was allowing other JI operatives to remain at large, where they threatened further terrorist acts, Mr Dila said.
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Mr Sharon said.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 yearly, according to the National Institutes of Health.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped in Monday's trading, decreasing 87 cents to $15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States.
"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
One Republican flier cited a 3.8 percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
P&G officials decided it would be wiser to split the contracts to avoid reliance on a sole contractor.
Under a deal with General Electric's NBC, Vivendi's film and TV business would merge with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
The Maine program could be a model for other states.
Belgium said yesterday that it has decided to scrap a war crimes law used to launch cases against President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
"Savage made an extremely inappropriate comment and the decision to cancel the program was not difficult," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.
Already, China's moves are sending ripples through the region.
Parsons held engineering management positions at three space centers before being named director of the Stennis center last August.
News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
After several weeks of market rallies on upbeat earnings, many investors are looking for more concrete signs of an economic recovery.
Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center, where they died a short time later.
DVD music took off, accounting for more than five percent of sales, and legitimate online music broadened its reach.
Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and 340,000 retirees and spouses.
The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers, said officials.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board has placed the blame for the accident squarely on Nasa.
"Our policies are well-known and I'm not aware of any changes in policy.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Immediately after the small explosion, people portraying victims stumbled amid the wreckage as fire trucks and other emergency vehicles converged.
"I think we are at a seminal moment in the history of this agency," he said.
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations.
A group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists," Williams said.
They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation's electrical system, which is needed after last week's massive power blackout.
They were there to honor Brick, who died Tuesday battling a four-alarm blaze in an upper Manhattan warehouse.
To settle the charges, Mr. Tyrer agreed to surrender $1.06 million in trading profits and $342,195 in interest.
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
Besides a federal judge, the criticism has mounted from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and some congressional leaders.
Hoffine drove to the home of a friend and told her what he had done before allowing the woman and her daughter to leave, Hurley said.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord.
Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964.
The FTC decision is viewed as the final leg in a longstanding legal saga that has dragged on for years.
The lawmakers expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday and leave Sunday for South Korea.
Two other bodies were recovered on Friday from a campground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 trailers.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
The prizes, from the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation, will be awarded Friday in New York.
Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year, according to the FTC.
Levi became known for ethical business practices.
The FCC said that it won't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network.
The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods.
A U.S. appeals court in New York reinstated perjury charges against a Grossmont College student accused of lying about his knowledge of two of the Sept. 11 hijackers.
Kerr, who won three NBA titles with Chicago and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, three assists and two rebounds.
The two other national rating agencies are waiting to take action.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
He greeted the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz, as "Alex."
Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation.
Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Still, bond bulls can take comfort in the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.
He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
A jury convicted novelist Michael Peterson Friday of bludgeoning his wife of five years in the stairwell of their home.
They went into the operation on their own free will,' Reuters quoted their father, Mr Dadollah Bijani, as saying.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
Imagine, one said, what a bullet would do in someone's brain.
"Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish."
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
The company updated the MySQL 4.0 software with the ability to run on the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel's 64-bit Itanium 2 processor.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX added 1.14 points, or 0.12 percent, at 968.14.
"The question that has to be penetrated is how did 38 visits over two years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation," Ryan said in an interview.
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said Monday that section 512 hands too much power to copyright holders.
A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Some people trapped in a burning high-rise building in Chicago's Loop business district frantically dialed 911 for help in escaping the smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
"Their groundbreaking contributions commercialise technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development," it said.
The company's goal is to offer wireless service at several hundred restaurants by year's end.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.
Hampton, 39, died in Beth Israel Hospital, Tipograph said.
The Davis administration says the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.
Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish, Conte said yesterday.
Orville Wright's laboratory was once there - where he developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal church, Frank Griswold, declined to comment on Saturday's development.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Memories also live on of a bloody debacle in Somalia a decade ago -- the last major U.S. military involvement in Africa.
If convicted, Parson faces up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
At 8 p.m. Friday, Henri was becoming disorganized, but still had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with stronger gusts.
"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
Companies are working with the FDA and academics "to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation," Jarman said.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Truck sales for the world's No. 2 automaker dropped 4.1 percent, while its car sales dropped 13.7 percent.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 percent, said Bossaert, a professor at the University Hospital in Antwerp, Belgium.
Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs was back in jail tonight after being treated in hospital for pneumonia.
The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry.
Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors.
Jessica Wheat, who said she and Dusenbery were planning to marry, said Dusenbery was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
At 1800 GMT, the Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book summary of U.S. economic conditions.
Indeed, the Harry Potter series stands in a class by itself.
"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
"Selling it symbolically writes 'Finish' to that chapter in the administration of our city's schools," he said.
The SIA forecast that chip sales next year will rise 16.8 percent to $180.9 billion, followed by a 5.8 percent increase to $191.5 billion in 2005.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
U.S. stocks fell after Cisco Systems Inc., the world's biggest maker of networking-equipment, forecast that sales will be unchanged this quarter.
Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period, which could give the senators time to go home.
Mr. Ebbers' attorney Reid Weingarten said he expects Mr. Ebbers to be exonerated.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
At 10 p.m. Thursday, Odette was about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica and about 900 miles south-southeast of Palm Beach.
AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Congress twice sent similar legislation to former President Bill Clinton, who vetoed it.
He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs.
Pat Anderson, the lawyer representing the Schindlers, declined to comment on the filing.
The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," said Assistant Attorney General Michael Chertoff of the Criminal Division.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
The companies, however, declined to give specifics on customer turnover, saying they would release figures only when they report their overall company performance.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Russia has closed dozens of checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia, which has also reported SARS cases, until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
Since Dec. 2 the U.S. military has been engaged in a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country.
Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
But the company said over the weekend that its competitors were simply trying to throw up roadblocks to MCIs emergence from bankruptcy.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
On Wednesday, the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint.
Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years.
The percentage of Californians without health insurance was unchanged, the report showed.
He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done.
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
The leader of the country’s biggest rail union threatened industrial action today following the second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.
The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan.
But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fuelling a dollar rally.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
Two additional passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist hospitals, both with what was described as critical injuries.
At first, the animals' performance declined compared with the joystick sessions.
Lucent shares fell 8 cents, or 4.19 percent, to $1.83 a share in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"We strongly disagree with Novell's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community," McBride said.
"It's clearly a tragic day for America," Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said in Washington.
In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was "almost unique" in medicine.
In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June.
Last month The Washington Post also launched a free tabloid aimed at younger readers called the Express.
He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
Limbaugh's attorney, Roy Black, has accused the State Attorney's Office of having political motives for its investigation.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit/sec within the next two years, a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday.
He said he had told the state police to execute a search warrant but stop if they encountered resistance.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday.
Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Ahold's U.S. shares rose 52 cents, or 9 percent, to $6.30.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be "cleared out."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points, or 0.95 percent, at 1,863.18.
"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted," it added.
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
The Company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority in all business practices," AOL added.
Nvidia's stock fell 65 cents, or almost 4 percent, to $16.13 on Nasdaq.
Yang was to dine on specially designed packets of shredded pork with garlic and "eight treasure" rice, washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.
Since the initial takeover offer, Salix shares have risen about 35 percent.
The job had been vacant since Richard Purcell left earlier this year.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
The insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans, so cracks should be sealed, they recommend.
That night Jackson and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, went with Mallard to her house.
The new jury consisted of eight blacks, two whites and two jurors of Guyanese descent.
Those two witnesses say that Nelson confessed to killing Rosenbaum, but claimed he did it because he was drunk on beer.
In the 1990s, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs etched away at the shuttle program's thin margins of safety.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69.
The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the "free state."
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States.
The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik's access to mail, the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media.
Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will support AMD64 technology, running natively on AMD Athlon 64 powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Powell told a news conference in neighboring Jordan.
French President Jacques Chirac was also reported to have supported the European bid.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added.
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."
It's happened five times in the last decade: A disaster puts this tourist town in the headlines during summer, its busiest season.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
"He says he couldn't stop the vehicle ... his statement is he possibly hit the gas instead of the brake," Butts said.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine.
A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's "Ten Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.
Humphries, and his father, William, arrived at IU in the early afternoon and spent the day with IU coach Mike Davis.
Before that he held various posts in Virginia, including deputy attorney general.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," he said, referring to the annex.
At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
On Tuesday night rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat or stabbed others.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he'll miss the governor's civility most.
And for the first time, all four pages of the Constitution will be on permanent display.
Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen's rise.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group in North America.
Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors.
After all, China isn’t racing anyone…so there’s no great rush,” Clark said.
In addition, Apple's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Beginning sometime next year, holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions.
Opposition politicians have described it as a "major failure in coastal surveillance".
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack.
Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books.
The volume of plaque in Pravachol patients' arteries rose by 3%.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.05 points, or 0.94 percent, at 972.64.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. <WCOEQ.PK> and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target, among other factors.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said the bill won't freeze rates as its supporters claim.
Experts say the delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family, Thibault said.
Tomorrow the book, kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam's Sons since its inception, will appear in bookstores.
Analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $7 billion.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was re-printed this week on the Web Site www.thesmokinggun.com.
The board has appointed Trevor Fetter, who returned to the company as president last November, as acting CEO.
Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
Mr. Muhammad, 42, and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial separately Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize as we had anticipated," the company said.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes'' were responsible.
SCO said it terminated Sequent's contract due to improper transfer of the company's source code and development methods into Linux.
Investors kept in mind Tuesday's warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
The eliminations at Eddie Bauer come at all divisions and levels of the company, said Eddie Bauer spokeswoman Lisa Erickson.
We are cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."
While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome is not expected.
"We don't want to go to war with anybody . . . it's always very much a last resort, and one to be avoided.
"The message to the public is: If you are thinking of getting a flu shot, don't wait any longer," he said. "
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
The changed national ownership limit allows a company to own TV stations reaching 45 percent of U.S. households instead of 35 percent.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
In a statement, the ECB said the outlook for price stability over the medium term had "improved significantly" since its last decision to lower interest rates in March.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.