The carrot had a hole.
John is so short.
The police were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
Steve influences him hugely.
mother was careful not to disturb her, undressing and climbing back into her berth.
George was particularly eager to see it.
John was very impressive.
The pot was too tall.
There were simply not enough copies of the newsletter.
The judges were so advanced.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that the backpack would be lighter.
The table is too narrow.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that the backpack would be handy.
The police were coming from so far away.
Dad could not help him now.
The cup was empty.
The cake has a lot of butter in it.
Lionel plans to use it on Geoffrey and send Lionel to steal nuclear material from an army vault.
The foxes have gotten very bold.
The piano was broken, so he had to stand instead.
Susan did not get an answer.
Adam would have won.
The table broke.
Paul wasn't successful.
The shark had better get away to safety fast!
The suitcase is too large.
Joe is 30 years older.
The large ball was made of steel.
The crutches should be better.
His friend Henry let him stack Grant and his family in his barn where they would dry.
Jane invited her to come out.
Bill is very cruel.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Ralph's bishop.
I sallied out for a bit of food, more to pass the time than because I wanted food.
Joe received the final report on the case.
There were simply too many copies of the newsletter.
He will be moving into The new house on Thursday.
He could not help Dad now.
Beside the table there were crocks, baskets, and a five-quart pail of milk.
Kevin was so upset.
Arnold lived two centuries earlier.
I can't see around the stage.
Prehistoric humans hunted for deer on the river banks.
Amy's parents are snobs.
John was hungry.
She writes the book when she gets home from work.
Bill left.
She reads the article when she gets home from work.
The door of the shop closed after Steve.
When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve years old.
Grandma gathered Tatyana's small mother into a wide, scrawny embrace and then propelled Grandma to the table.
George got back.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna's concentration.
Sue had such a bad start.
She couldn't stand Madonna's boyfriend.
The axe is too small.
She slept with Madonna's boyfriend.
I don't know why the guy in uniform was, but he looked very unhappy.
Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.
Jane did not answer.
The politicians must make rules to regulate them.
Those occasions stood out as red-letter days for Henry.
The chair was broken, so he had to stand instead.
I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep the backpack dry.
They must make rules to regular the politicians.
Anna had studied so hard.
Mr. Singer heard him calling for the captain
My great-grandfather was a remarkable man.
The shelf was too high.
That's exactly how the study makes us feel.
Bob is very generous.
John left.
The toaster Frank had sold him didn't work.
Equally swoon-worthy is C.K. Dexter Haven, a pallid young dandy holding a jade-handled walking stick, with a poodle asleep at Haven's feet.
He will be moving out of The old house on Thursday.
The door of the shop closed after Mark.
Even one thread uncut will leave the right size too small.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Toby's toy.
Ollie's legs dangled.
The chair was broken, so he had to sing instead.
The worm was hungry.
The journalists were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
The trophy is too small.
Cooper had been travelling for five years.
She put the album on a chair without even opening the living room.
Bill was full.
John was full.
I shall have to kill The foxes.
Joe is 30 years younger.
She saw that Janie was open.
Bill's turn was over.
Ann had forgotten.
Pam's parents were furious about it.
This afternoon the tide knocked The flag down.
The man was so weak.
The customer was immediately taken to the hospital.
He couldn't very well marry without Chester's approval
Mama stroked her hair and let the child weep.
Emma saw that she was open.
Mark was afraid the stable boys at the Burlington Stables struck at him and bullied him.
Tatyana doubted if her mother slept.
Robert was refused.
The axe is too thick.
Bob was very ill.
Janie saw that she was open.
Tom wouldn't have to drive alone.
Sam's drawing did look much better with another one below it.
Sue had such a good start.
The sweater looks dowdy on her.
Charlie is very grateful.
The sweater looks great on her.
Mr. Schmidt's work was beautiful.
The man lifted the boy onto the man's shoulders.
coats were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Yakutsk was defeated within weeks.
Jackson lived two centuries earlier.
We couldn't use the lake.
She reads the book when she gets home from work.
The teller was immediately taken to the police station.
Bob would be here by this time.
You thought tulip bulbs were onions?
It was a major influence on Shakespeare's writing.
Cooper had been dead for five years.
He changed his mind and turned the TV on.
George wasn't available.
Tatyana was careful not to disturb her, undressing and climbing back into her berth.
Anyone who knew that he was 19 years old could take his claim away from the government official.
My great-grandfather is a remarkable man.
The cake has a lot of leftovers in it.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward The barman's bathroom key.
Fred influences him hugely.
She was careful not to disturb her mother , undressing and climbing back into her berth.
Jane wasn't hungry.
Father gave Tommy a stern look.
The coffee got full of ink.
The son was so weak.
The shepherds ended up looking more like golfers.
The pen got full of ink.
John was very impressed.
He lowered his eyes when the wind stopped.
The school bus was going so fast.
Luke was "it".
You can see the garden through the wall.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that the water bottle would be lighter.
The sun was out.
Jim was so upset.
Dora asked what the sound was.
Bill's turn was next.
He changed his mind and turned the dishwasher on.
Tommy's legs ached.
I shall have to kill The chickens.
It was bad enough that the faces had to be denied so many things because he couldn't afford them.
The bag of flour had to be moved first.
The dog waited at the top.
Fred admires him hugely.
The woman held the girl against the woman's chest.
The dog waited at the bottom.
Carl was very concerned.
The crutches should be unnecessary.
The carrot left a hole.
The sheep ended up looking more like dogs.
The concert continued until 10.
The firemen were coming from so far away.
I couldn't get the key in.
Harry knew much less than Mark did.
It did not seem possible that the prairie had ever been swept by the winds and snows of that hard winter.
The dog was hot.
Frank was the winner of the competition.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had given.
I couldn't hear the announcement.
John was very annoyed.
She has loved the piece since she was a child.
The map is very good.
Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Rebecca had stolen the watch.
The doorway is too narrow.
The con artist would have lost a lot of money.
The piano was broken, so he had to sing instead.
When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve months old.
Lucy had studied so hard.
Susan invited her to come out.
We couldn't reach the lake.
The jacket looks dowdy on her.
Kirilov was more popular.
The lemon trees came out looking more like telephone poles.
Martin is very successful.
I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep the newspaper dry.
Pam and Paul were furious about it.
He had to be the life and soul of a dinner party, with the dinner party there all the time.
Now I have to get The tree removed.
He changed his mind and turned the TV off.
The rain continued until 10.
Even one thread uncut will leave one thread too small.
Adam was known to speak it fluently.
Sid couldn't convince him.
We should make more of the oatmeal cookies.
The bag of flour had to be moved first.
Tommy's legs dangled.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his research.
Blaze took upon himself the feeding and care of the animal.
Joe's uncle is 30 years older.
Mama had to hunt for a button.
The cup was full.
Ethan was "it".
Joan was hungry.
Edward no longer requires his financial support.
Father gave Tommy a sympathetic look.
The man was very annoyed.
Even one thread uncut will leave the slip too small.
Ann is nosy.
Even one thread uncut will leave the scissors too small.
The cloud was out.
The stars were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
The city councilmen feared violence.
Anne's daughter is a very charming woman.
Jackson lived two centuries later.
It was a fine selection of Shakespeare's writing.
The father carried the sleeping boy in the father's bassinet.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan's "Dibs!" was quicker.
Martin is very successful.
Harry knew much less than Harry did.
Uncle Vernon couldn't very well marry without his approval
Thomson had been dead for five years.
Mark should have been more skeptical.
The meeting was delayed, so it worked out.
The foxes have gotten very nervous.
The butterfly wing broke.
Fred and Alice were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Tom wouldn't have to walk.
The refrigerator has a lot of leftovers in it.
Mark couldn't convince him.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that the water bottle would be handy.
The worm was tasty.
Andrea could see the landing strip.
Susan could see the landing strip.
Lionel plans to use it on Geoffrey and send Geoffrey to steal nuclear material from an army vault.
Shatov was more popular.
The government official was less than 21 when he filed for a homestead claim.
Alice stroked her hair and let the child weep.
Since Jade always has good luck, Alice spotted her quickly.
He had to be the life and soul of a dinner party, with the body there all the time.
The mouse was too impatient.
We should make more of the chocolate chip cookies.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward Jim's bathroom key.
He heard Mr. Singer calling for the captain.
The shelf was too tall.
The juggler was very impressive.
The witness was reluctant to answer it.
Susan told her about it.
Chester couldn't very well marry without his approval
The opponents were very much in the majority.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Toby's toy.
The judges were so stupid.
The table was made of steel.
His friend Henry let him stack the beans in his barn where they would dry.
Jane was out.
Jane invited her to come in.
The doorway is too wide.
Those occasions stood out as red-letter days for father.
Sam would have lost a lot of money.
His father's disciple, Antonio, takes Larry under his wing, and quickly molds Larry's father into a drug runner.
Frank was the winner of the competition.
He lowered his hands when the wind stopped.
Folks said he died just to be ride of the folks' everlasting nagging.
The father carried the sleeping boy in the boy's arms.
You can see the garden through the wall.
Archaeologists hunted for deer on the river banks.
Susan told her about it.
The man subtracted that amount from the man's wages.
The teller was immediately taken to the hospital.
Kirilov was less popular.
John hired Bill to take care of Bill.
John's turn was next.
Joe delivered the final report on the case.
When Fred first saw my father, My father was twelve months old.
James was refused.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily's silence.
Bob would have lost.
Dan is very cruel.
Mary had forgotten.
The sculpture wasn't anchored.
Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Carol had stolen the watch.
George wasn't successful.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could work.
Robert refused.
The coffee got full of coffee.
We couldn't use the path.
Stretching the girl's back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Archaeologists hunted for evidence on the river banks.
The lemons came out looking more like light bulbs.
This afternoon the tide knocked The sand castle down.
The chickens have gotten very nervous.
Ray reached the top of the stairs.
Kamchatka was defeated within weeks.
The trainer slept with her boyfriend.
Dan is very compassionate.
I put the rag in the trash.
Patting the woman's back, the woman smiled at the girl.
The table was made of styrofoam.
I couldn't get the chewing gum out.
Adam would be gone by this time.
Bob is very hurt.
Anyone who knew that he was 19 years old could take his claim away from Bernard.
She has had the flute since she was a child.
Sam and Amy are snobs.
It was a fine selection of Shakespeare's writing.
I shall have to guard The chickens.
The donkey wished a wart on its hind leg would disappear, and wart did.
The refrigerator has a lot of butter in it.
The sack of potatoes had to be moved first.
He couldn't afford the faces.
The heavy book broke.
I put the knife in the drawer.
James refused.
Men had the right to keep their sons working for them until the sons were 21 years of age.
We rescued the younger students.
This afternoon the wind knocked The flag down.
The sack of potatoes had to be moved first.
Anne's daughter is a very charming baby.
Isn't it nice that the Freemans have come, Mama!"
The painting is to the right of the bookcase.
The captain and all Mark's crew had best stay in the cabin until the work was over.
She was careful not to disturb her, undressing and climbing back into her mother's berth.
Steve ran to look out the window.
The storekeepers stayed in town to run their stores and lived in the rooms behind the storekeepers.
Pete is very successful.
Dad's boss at the railroad company would not want anyone but him to work in the office.
Later, he and Tatyana would shell them and cook them for his and Tatyana's Sunday dinners.
The stars were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.
Anna had studied so hard.
Kate had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.
It was a fine selection of Ovid's writing.
Luke was "it".
Mr. Moncrieff no longer requires his financial support.
Alice was behaving so strangely.
Each artisan still had signs, not wishing to lose a possible patron merely because the patron happened to be illiterate.
The fish began two years ago.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill's "Dibs!" was quicker.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his research.
The pin left a hole.
Arnold lived two centuries later.
They must make rules to regular the settlers.
Andrea could see the landing gear.
She stroked Alice's hair and let the child weep.
He will be moving out of The new house on Thursday.
She stroked Mama's hair and let the child weep.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had recieved.
He had to be the life and soul of a dinner party, with the table there all the time.
His father's disciple, Antonio, takes Larry under his wing, and quickly molds Antonio into a drug runner.
We punished the older students.
The chatbots were so advanced.
Pam and Paul were embarrassed about it.
Ethan was "it".
I couldn't get the key out.
Since Alice always has good luck, Alice spotted her quickly.
I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep the newspaper dry.
She couldn't stand the trainer's boyfriend.
Kamchatka was victorious within weeks.
Bill was the winner of the competition.
Bob is very ungrateful.
He no longer requires Mr. Moncrieff's financial support.
The scientists appeared two years ago.
The painting is to the right of a house.
The gang members were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
Any direction on his own account was just another proof of Mr. Taylor's innate idiocy.
The juggler was very impressed.
The chickens have gotten very bold.
Adam would be here by this time.
Yakutsk was victorious within weeks.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary could sleep.
Mark needed to get him to finish his work, because his work was beautiful.
Men had the right to keep their sons working for them until the men were 21 years of age.
We should make fewer of the chocolate chip cookies.
When Fred first saw my father, Fred was twelve years old.
Paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well.
He opened his hands when the wind stopped.
The donkey wished a wart on its hind leg would disappear, and donkey did.
The chatbots were so stupid.
It was a major influence on Goethe's writing.
I don't know who the guy in uniform was, but he looked very unhappy.
Billy is so short.
George was not particularly eager to see it.
No time today to look at old pictures in Mama's favorite photo album.
I couldn't get the chewing gum in.
The suitcase is too small.
The lawyer was reluctant to answer it.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Susan had recieved.
Mark took upon himself the feeding and care of the animal.
Isn't it nice that the two guitars and a bag have come, Mama!"
Pete should have been more truthful.
Ray reached the bottom of the stairs.
The opponents were very much in the minority.
Adam would have lost.
The meeting was short, so it worked out.
John is so tall.
She had left poor little Dora to do the best Maude could, alone.
The building is very good.
Ralph wouldn't have to walk.
Sid couldn't understand him.
The rain continued until 10.
The toaster Frank had bought from him didn't work.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Bill's "Dibs!" was slow.
The table is too wide.
Susan invited her to come in.
I shall have to guard The foxes.
The city councilmen advocated violence.
Charlie is very generous.
She writes the article when she gets home from work.
No time today to look at old pictures in Alice's favorite photo album.
The ankles should be better.
The cat waited at the bottom.
Joan wasn't hungry.
I sallied out for a bit of food, more to pass the time than because I wanted time.
The fish was hungry.
Susan could see the landing gear.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could sleep.
Chester no longer requires his financial support.
The dog was cooler.
The map is very famous.
The ocean beach was a dangerous place to swim.
The captain and all the captain's crew had best stay in the cabin until the work was over.
It was a major influence on Ovid's writing.
Mark should have been more truthful.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward The barman's empty glass.
Ann told her about it.
Beside the food there were crocks, baskets, and a five-quart pail of milk.
Equally swoon-worthy is C.K. Dexter Haven, a pallid young dandy holding a jade-handled walking stick, with a poodle asleep at the poodle's feet.
George got up.
Steve admires him hugely.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Lily's concentration.
She was careful not to disturb Tatyana , undressing and climbing back into her berth.
Charlie is very ungrateful.
Amy's parents are fifteen.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help Joan had given.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Ralph's bishop.
The sponsors were very much in the minority.
The sculpture wasn't level.
Joe's uncle is 30 years younger.
I don't know why Jim was, but he looked very unhappy.
People are gripped because Paul writes so well.
Sam's drawing did look much better with another one above it.
The lake was a dangerous place to swim.
Mr. Schmidt needed to get him to finish his work, because his work was beautiful.
The man lifted the boy onto the boy's bunk bed.
It was daylight when he woke with Warren's hand upon Mark's shoulder.
Bill was the winner of the competition.
The delivery truck was going so fast.
Since Jade always wears a red turban, Alice spotted her quickly.
Now I have to get The tree repaired.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that Mary's daughter could work.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved Tom's bishop.
Bob was very concerned.
The man was so heavy.
I put the rag in the drawer.
The storekeepers stayed in town to run their stores and lived in the rooms behind the stores.
Paul's books are gripped because Paul writes so well.
Kevin was so upset.
Shatov was less popular.
She put the album on a chair without even opening the chair.
Sam was eager to speak it fluently.
The demonstrators feared violence.
Charlie is very hurt.
The duck had better get away to safety fast!
Bob would have won.
The customer was immediately taken to the police station.
His father's disciple, Antonio, takes Larry under his wing, and quickly molds Larry into a drug runner.
It was a fine selection of Goethe's writing.
The spot under the tree was cooler.
The hair has to be removed.
The lake was a safer place to swim.
The firemen were coming from so far away.
Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that Carol had stolen the watch.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept Billy's toy.
Kate had retired and presented several options for future treatment.
Folks said he died just to be ride of the Wainwrights' everlasting nagging.
Tina was too hard to pronounce.
Dora asked what the town was.
Dr. Adams had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.
I don't know who Jim was, but he looked very unhappy.
The detective delivered the final report on the case.
Jane did not get an answer.
Grandma gathered Tatyana's small mother into a wide, scrawny embrace and then propelled Tatyana's mother to the table.
Susan is nosy.
She put the album on a chair without even opening the album.
The sun was gone.
She was careful not to disturb her, undressing and climbing back into Tatyana's berth.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward Jim's empty glass.
The fish was tasty.
The witness was reluctant to repeat it.
The cat was too impatient.
Pete is very successful.
Now I have to get The roof removed.
George was particularly eager to see it.
The oak tree is to the right of a house.
The minnow had better get away to safety fast!
The oak tree is to the right of the bookcase.
The pin had a hole.
Susan is indiscreet.
Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that Rebecca had stolen the watch.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share Billy's toy.
He had to be the life and soul of a dinner party, with the book there all the time.
Bob would be gone by this time.
Beside the floor there were crocks, baskets, and a five-quart pail of milk.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Goodman faced in his childhood.
The woman held the girl against the woman's will.
Susan was out.
The man was very annoying.
He heard Mark calling for the captain.
Bob is very grateful.
The concert continued until 10.
There were simply not enough chairs.
Blaze was afraid the stable boys at the Burlington Stables struck at him and bullied him.
Anne is a very charming woman.
It was daylight when he woke with Warren's hand upon Warren's shoulder.
Mark heard him calling for the captain
Stretching the woman's back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Bill was hungry.
Terpsichore was too hard to pronounce.
Beth stopped and apologized.
The settlers must make rules to regulate them.
The trophy is too large.
She had left poor little Dora to do the best Dora could, alone.
Alice's daughter was behaving so strangely.
The police were coming from so far away.
Bill is very compassionate.
You thought hamburgers were onions?
Ralph wouldn't have to drive alone.
Dora asked what the corn was.
Tom reached the bottom of the stairs.
Anne is a very charming baby.
Alice had to hunt for a button.
Fred got back.
The woman held the girl against the girl's chest.
The ankles should be unnecessary.
He will be moving into The old house on Thursday.
Pam's parents were embarrassed about it.
Adam was eager to speak it fluently.
John left.
He no longer requires Edward's financial support.
Beth stopped and counted to ten.
How very small and straight and rigid Tatyana lay in the bunk below!
The donkey wished a wart on its hind leg would disappear, and leg did.
He couldn't very well marry without Uncle Vernon's approval
The trainer couldn't stand her boyfriend.
John's turn was over.
The father carried the sleeping boy in the boy's bassinet.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties Xenophanes faced in his childhood.
You can see the garden through the gap.
Larry's boss at the railroad company would not want anyone but him to work in the office.
She has loved the flute since she was a child.
Some day they might want to use the magic pebble.
Tina was easier to pronounce.
The man lifted the boy onto the boy's shoulders.
The delivery truck was going so slow.
I couldn't hear the announcement.
It was bad enough that the children had to be denied so many things because he couldn't afford them.
The ocean beach was a safer place to swim.
The toaster Tom had sold him didn't work.
The train was delayed, so it worked out.
You can see the garden through the gap.
Bernard, who had not told the government official that he was less than 21 when he filed for a homestead claim, did not consider that Bernard had done anything dishonest.
The jacket looks great on her.
Lionel plans to use it on Geoffrey and send Dr. Vardi to steal nuclear material from an army vault.
Fred got up.
The table broke.
There were simply too many chairs.
Tina's drawing did look much better with another one above it.
Emma's education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess.
John hired Bill to take care of John.
Bill left.
Ann is indiscreet.
Prehistoric humans hunted for evidence on the river banks.
Each artisan still had signs, not wishing to lose a possible patron merely because the artisan happened to be illiterate.
The storekeepers stayed in town to run their stores and lived in the rooms behind the rooms.
Jane was disappointed.
Susan was disappointed.
Bernard, who had not told the government official that he was less than 21 when he filed for a homestead claim, did not consider that the government official had done anything dishonest.
The shelf wasn't anchored.
The fish appeared two years ago.
She put the album on a chair without even opening the button.
The gang members were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The tree is too small.
The cloud was gone.
We couldn't reach the path.
Fred and Alice were not enough for the cold in Alaska.
Thomson had been travelling for five years.
The man lifted the boy onto the man's bunk bed.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because Dan's "Dibs!" was slow.
The woman held the girl against the girl's will.
The pen got full of coffee.
It was a major influence on Shakespeare's writing.
Ollie's legs ached.
Dr. Adams had retired and presented several options for future treatment.
The bottle was full.
The train was short, so it worked out.
The shepherds ended up looking more like dogs.
Alice was behaving so strangely.
Emma's place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess.
She has had the piece since she was a child.
Tom reached the top of the stairs.
The captain and all Mr. Singer's crew had best stay in the cabin until the work was over.
Terpsichore was easier to pronounce.
Fred was a remarkable man.
The detective received the final report on the case.
Lucy had studied so hard.
Mark's work was beautiful.
Paul wasn't available.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking Donna's silence.
It did not seem possible that the sun had ever been swept by the winds and snows of that hard winter.
We punished the younger students.
People are popular because Paul writes so well.
The toaster Tom had bought from him didn't work.
I can't see around the pillar.
Ann had forgotten.
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of Bill.
Dad subtracted that amount from the man's wages.
The scientists began two years ago.
Emma's mother's education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess.
Mark couldn't understand him.
He had to be the life and soul of a dinner party, with the life and soul there all the time.
Jim was so upset.
Even one thread uncut will leave the hole too small.
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of John.
Billy is so tall.
Patting the girl's back, the woman smiled at the girl.
I put the knife in the trash.
I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep the backpack dry.
The shelf wasn't level.
Madonna couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Tatyana doubted if Tatyana slept.
Sam and Amy are fifteen.
Father gave Timmy a sympathetic look.
Pete should have been more skeptical.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took Tom's bishop.
Emma's mother's place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess.
Sally had such a bad start.