Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq.
Pope Benedict XVI is the new leader of the Roman Catholic Church.
Herceptin can be used to treat breast cancer.
The previous name of Ho Chi Minh City was Saigon.
Paul Stewart Hutchinson is accused of having stabbed a girl.
Bakri was briefly detained, but was released.
Three quarters of U.S. illegal immigrants have children.
Aristide had Prime Minister Robert Malval  murdered in Port-au-Prince.
Dick Cheney was the Vice President of Bush.
Microsoft's Hotmail has raised its storage capacity to 250MB.
Lina Joy's parents are from Malaysia.
The Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989.
Valero Energy Corp. produces 250,000 barrels per day.
Oil prices rise.
The quarterback threw for 413 yards and three touchdowns, and then ran to the end zone two more times.
Greg Page was a WBA champion.
Sierra once reached the finals of "American Idol".
In the early 1990s Brazil began to take action to save the rainforest.
Sepp Blatter is the president of FIFA.
Crude the light American lowered to the closing 1.32 dollars, to 42.83 dollars the barrel.
In 2002 near Stuttgart a boy shot 16 people.
Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
Rabies is fatal in humans.
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and food.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
Pibul was a young leader.
Lin Piao wrote the "Little Red Book".
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
Three rebels were killed by government troops.
Drug legalization has benefits.
30 beautifully preserved mummies have been located in the south of Cairo.
Aspirin prevents gastrointestinal bleeding.
Hooper is a citizen of Portland.
Cyprus was divided into two parts on May 1.
North Korea says it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons and is building more.
Gbagbo is a competitor of Ouattara.
Mohandas received the Nobel Prize in 1989.
It seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
King Edward VIII abdicated in December 1936.
Stephen Grosz is the British lawyer of David Hicks.
Marine vegetation is  harvested.
Musharraf has ordered rioters to take firm action against security forces.
Michael Bloomberg is the mayor of New York.
Officials said that the suspect, a Finnish citizen, was among the dead.
The military protection zone around Falklands was lifted.
An Indonesian ferry with 300 passengers sank.
The riots in Greece started on December 6.
One case involved the extradition of Libyan suspects in the Pan Am Lockerbie bombing.
Argentina sought UK expertise on privatization and agriculture.
Garry Breitkreuz is a member of the Conservative Party.
At the age of one year, male mice were fed with a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat.
The soldiers were driving a civilian car and were dressed in civilian clothes when a shooting took place between them and Iraqi patrols.
U.N. weapons inspectors could stay in Iraq, Clinton said.
A patrol car was attacked by the San Carlos Battalion.
Bomb-sniffing dogs were estimated at Rodriguez's Mulberry St. apartment.
Male fertility may be affected by use of a mobile phones.
Lufthansa Technik Automotive fires 30 workers.
GATT was formed in 1947.
Cheney cursed at Sen. Patrick Leahy.
In the May 2005 general election Conservatives got 33 seats.
Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
Formerly ( until 1949 ) Batavia, Jakarta is largest city and capital of Indonesia.
James Bond was created by Ian Fleming.
Obesity is medically treated.
U.S. consumer spending dived in June.
Some Australians have fasted to protest.
Sonia Gandhi is defeated by BJP.
Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, may be someone Israel can talk with.
Hugh Jackman plays the role of Wolverine in the movie.
A member of the opposition was injured in a car bomb attack in Beirut.
skin cancer numbers increase.
Robots are used to find missing victims.
Charlton Heston was born in Illinois.
Babe Ruth hit 60 home runs in his lifetime.
Maglev is commercially used.
Clay Roueche is 33 years old.
Tom Baker works for BT.
Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
Dead dolphins, turtles and whales have been found on African beaches.
Noraini had a twin sister called Endon.
Hillary Clinton is Bill's sister.
Alex Da Silva is a student of salsa dance.
Ruth hit 47 runs in his lifetime.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was elected Governor of California.
Eugene W. Weaver is the husband of Patricia Amy.
Mussolini's mistress was Clara Petacci.
Jupiter has Twelve moons.
Zapatero participated in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa Rica.
The parts of Jakarta away from the coast are on slightly higher land.
Proceeds go to Hepburn's family.
Kennon did not participate in WWII.
The Auburn High School Athletic Hall of Fame has ten members.
800 Mexicans have been affected by a new form of swine influenza.
Ayrton Senna had the accident that caused his death at the San Marino Grand Prix.
translator kidnapped in Iraq
Legal costs to recover punitive damages are a deductible business expense.
The New York Hotel and Motel Trades Council is an alliance of hotel unions.
Hubble discovers black holes.
Pope John Paul II died.
Amatriciana is a sauce.
Michelle Orchard is claiming hundreds of thousands of pounds from Sebastian Lee because she wants a new nose.
Thousands of people are expected to return to New Orleans this week, as areas of the city are opened up to residents.
Altai ice maiden triggers major dispute.
Toshiba has no moving parts.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
African-Americans are a minority in the U.S.
Mike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear in 1990.
A man threw a shoe at the Prime Minister.
John Glenn was the first man in orbit.
Children in New Zealand are forced to wear orange overalls.
Alexandre Berthier died in 1799.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Pakistan's nuclear arsenal creates concerns.
Bob Schindler married Mary.
Crude oil prices have hit fresh highs as fears grow over the extent of damage, done by Hurricane Katrina, to oil output in the Gulf of Mexico.
Toshiba is a subsidiary of Dell Inc.
Mark Hacking was booked into the Salt Lake County Jail on Monday.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
Kinston Indians participate in the Carolina League.
Molly Walsh plans to stop buying the generic products.
The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
Blair belongs to the Church of England.
The island gets water from collected rain.
Jacques Delors succeeded Jacques Santer in the presidency of the European Commission.
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
Luc Jouret was the leader of the Order of the Solar Temple.
Eurest Support Services is a subsidiary of Ernst and Young.
Vancouver is located in Canada.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
Nicolas Cage's son is called Kal-el.
Doris Lessing won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2007.
The WTO headquarters are located in Geneva.
The FDA turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Dr James Anderson is an employee at the University of Reading.
Industries were defeated by the SEC.
The Statue of Liberty was built in 1986.
Doug Lawrence sold the impressionist oil landscape by J. Ottis Adams
All charges of anti-competitive staff poaching were later dismissed.
Charles Haviland is an American citizen.
Blair belongs to the Church of England.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
The Counts of Holland supported the Holy See.
Uzbekistan closes United States military base.
Responding to a plea from the International Energy Agency for member countries to release reserves, Canada is prepared to help.
The latest findings contradict a California study that implicated regular pot smoking as having markedly higher risks for head and neck cancers.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
Eight people planted two bombs near an Islamic school in Pakistan.
The busiest hour for a cab is 9 p.m.
The U.S. light crude is $1.27 a barrel.
The Civic Alliance is an umbrella group.
The WTO headquarters is in Bonn.
The Renminbi Yuan is the currency used in China.
Several new political parties emerged.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
Google may build a campus on NASA property.
The CIA abducted Osama Nasr in 2003.
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is the president.
Kim Ledger was Heath's son.
Gamma rays are forms of electromagnetic radiation.
The Ebola epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Lakers win the championship.
Currently the share of natural gas in Israel's energy system amounts to no more than one percent.
Plants are grown  in  substances other than soil.
Eljvir Duka comes from Turkey.
Intel is vying for a key spot in the digital living room.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
The Congress wants to boost the economy.
Thousands of Shiite Muslims rallied in the southern city of Basra to show support for Iraq's new constitution.
Sophie's World is a best seller.
David Vance lives in South Portland.
Clinton's book is a big seller.
Bush and Putin agreed that Iran should not have nuclear weapons.
Chirac doesn't want to be re-elected.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
Both candidates are delivering a great attack in Iowa.
Clark is a relative of Jones'.
Guatemala accepts the Pet passport as proof of vaccination.
Fiber improves blood sugar control.
Greenpeace made a statement about yellow safety jackets.
Both Mr. Schroeder and Mr. Zhu have much to gain if maglev succeeds.
Nathan Fien is a resident of Australia.
Investigators discovered that a series of illicit arrests of were often followed by disappearances or murders and were preceded by torture.
The Croatian and the Asian-American, Michael Chang (number two) will play eachother, and hopefully popularise the game in their native countries.
Patricia Arquette collected best drama actress for psychic crime drama "Medium", while James Spader won best actor for "Boston Legal" for a second year.
James Barker is accused of raping an Iraqi girl and killing her family.
Britain angered Argentina.
Pibul was a field marshal.
The Sears Tower has 110 stories.
Drug legalization has benefits.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as OTN.
There are many benefits from breast-feeding.
The Estonia set sail from Tallinn.
Swedish prime minister murdered.
The nuclear power plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
In 1611 the king and his court finally moved from Krakow ( Cracow ) to Warsaw, making it the capital of the Polish state.
It was Delbert Ward who told authorities that he strangled his brother.
Two conservation groups have increased the black rhino population.
Drug legalization has benefits.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
65 countries take part in the Lillehammer Olympic Games.
Philip Morris made market gains in Russia.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
Seal-hunting endangers species.
Turks want Gül to be President.
McDonald's Corp., the world's largest restaurant chain, led the advance after the company reported earnings that exceeded estimates.
Scott's execution caused the Wolseley Expedition.
The coalition is coordinated by the U.S
"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
El-Nashar was arrested in Egypt.
Jaime Pardo Leal was killed in Moscow.
Domestic fires are a major cause of unintentional injury in the home.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
Time Warner Cable is a partner of Sprint Nextel.
Analysts had said that Mr. Abbas needed a large margin of victory in order to push his agenda of peace talks with Israel.
Xochimilco is a popular tourist attraction because of its chinampas, or floating gardens.
Zerich bought oil from Iraq during the embargo.
The Everglades is 50-mile wide.
Ghazi al-Yawar is Iraq's new president.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
Israel will not prosecute the police who killed 13 Israeli Arabs during pro-Palestinian protests in 2000, because of a lack of evidence, an official inquiry said yesterday.
Christie's is one of the world's largest auction houses.
Dean invented a revolver.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Regina Shueller works for Italy's La Repubblica newspaper.
High-velocity clouds are made up of hydrogen.
A bomb exploded outside a mosque.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Yemen was reunited in 1990.
Five US soldiers were killed and five wounded on Friday in an ambush near the Shi'ite neighbourhood Sadr City.
The Research and Development phase of creating a new drug is complicated.
Maglev is commercially used.
Claudia Lawrence resides in Malton.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a conservative politician.
Cox 2 inhibitors are pain relief drugs.
The Falklands War took place in 1982.
Workers were inside the plant at the time of the explosion.
Saudi Arabia produces more oil than any other country.
Ocean remote sensing is developed.
Barak Obama planned US$3.6 trillion in spending.
The Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter.
Luong threw his children off a bridge in Louisiana.
Luis Roldan was director of police from 1986 to 1993.
Tour de France winner is likely to lose the crown.
In 2000 there were 301 divorces in Bulgaria.
Women in Iraq have lost their freedom.
Germany is concerned about the effect of the court investigations on domestic economic and political affairs.
Norway hosted the Winter Olympic Games.
Dietary intake of potassium prevents osteoporosis.
John Kerry was friends with Hunter S. Thompson.
Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
Piech got nationalistic in his accusations.
Dick Cheney was the chief of the Justice Department.
Smriti Kana Saha of Ranjat village is part of the Middle Andaman Island.
Tilda Swinton plays the part of the White Witch.
The Portuguese Navy has 58 submarines.
Marlowe was arrested by Italian authorities.
Silvio Berlusconi is in Forza Italia.
An Indonesian ferry with 300 passengers sank.
Immunity for soldiers renewed.
Out of an old bulldozer, Heemeyer built a concrete box that no police bullet could penetrate.
Television footage showed several levels of the multi-level supermarket covered in soot, including the lower level parking garage.
The World Bank is criticized for its activities.
The Simpsons is a show broadcast in America.
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
Jennie Beavers Stewart is a share-holder of Carolina Analytical Laboratory.
BAT acquired production interests in the Ukraine, Hungary and Russia.
John W. Hinckley Jr. shot Reagan in the chest.
Lana Clarkson and Phil Spector were engaged.
Rich and poor nations crashed into a historic deal on Sunday.
A French journalist was assaulted in Tunisia.
Organic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
Bechtolsheim was the owner of Cisco Systems.
On Friday,Sharon fired Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman.
The gunman is described as a white male in his 30s with a medium build, shoulder-length blonde hair and an unkempt appearance.
Castro visits the UN.
Bush will meet the presidents of Iraq and Syria in Tehran.
Joaquin Navarro-Valls is the Vatican Spokesman.
Crude oil prices rose to $37.80 per barrel
Boise to acquire OfficeMax.
Sofia is located in Britain.
The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
Transfer of power in Iraq on June 30.
Weapons inspectors will go back to Iraq.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
The U.S. chose Paul Bremer as new governor of Iraq.
The best scorer at the World Championship in 1966 was "The Black Pearl."
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
People experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
The officers belong to Sir Ian Blair's family.
There was a magnitude 7 earthquake on the Hayward fault.
Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
Kerry shot Bush.
The first two borrowers must start repaying the principal plus interest over a six-week period.
The Shoshones fight for their rights against the U.S. government.
In winter most tourists to Eilat come from Europe.
Fiat, in particular, uses robots for inventory management.
In Australia a toxin made birds healthy.
Adrian Lyne is the director of "Indecent Proposal".
Kenya is in need of food.
The Statue of Liberty was built in the year 300.
The Bronx Zoo has 19 gorillas.
The current President of Honduras is Manuel Zelaya.
Nichols was sentenced to life in prison for the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.
Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front have attacked Merino's home.
Whitney Cunningham was born in Florida.
The delegations may only speak periodically to the press, in order to concentrate on the issues.
Two people were killed in Bangladesh.
Maglev is commercially used.
There is a Marriott Hotel in London.
Jude Richmond works with the police.
Actress Minnie Driver gives up Hollywood for Cambodian sweat shop.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
The 14th Dalai Lama was born in Dharamsala.
Plants are grown in water or in substances other than soil.
James Pinkney was an employee of Goryal Scales.
U.N. officials take part in a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval.
Colarusso works for Dover police.
Female mosquitoes spread malaria.
The Amazon rainforest suffers from chaotic development.
In 2007 about 4,315,000 children were born in the United States.
Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
Cyprus was divided in 1974.
New South Wales is found in Australia.
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Plants are grown in substances other than soil.
Mr. Zhao died in Beijing.
Babe Ruth hit 755 home runs in his lifetime.
Lord Ganesha is important for Hindus.
Greenspan also worried in his speech about what will occur with the ending of the recent sustained period of low interest rates and low risks for investors.
The Constitution Party includes Max Riekse among its members.
Chen Shui-bian is the new President of Taiwan.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Arquette, who plays a crime-solving psychic in NBC's "Medium", won the best drama series actress award.
Emperor Charles V was elected by Clement VII.
John J. Famalaro is accused of having killed Denise A. Huber.
Mufi Hannemann is the mayor of Honolulu.
Bill McInerney is accused of killing a gay teenager.
Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Marine vegetation is  harvested.
Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
Bush said that protests in Indonesia against his Mideast policy were a sign of democracy in the heavily Muslim nation.
Muslims are monotheistic.
Relatives of a missing woman and her husband cancelled a volunteer search for the woman.
Clark is employed at General Sessions Court.
Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Anesthesia causes learning disabilities.
President Fujimori was re-elected in 1995.
MV Pacific Adventurer has lost oil in the area of Moreton Island, Bribie Island and southern parts of the Sunshine Coast.
Gaddafi is the leader of Thailand.
Maternity leave varies in Europe.
Tom Glavine plays for the Atlanta Braves.
The Kakhovskaya Line was built in 1995.
Jim Tracy was fired by Paul DePodesta.
Castro visits the UN.
Kieslowski is a director.
Alvaro Uribe is the current President of Colombia.
One of the first organized settlements on the site, though, was the Roman fortress of Aquincum.
3.2 million Muslims live in Germany.
Gamelan music, in which percussion instruments are key, and shadow-puppet shows are popular in Jakarta.
Benedict XVI is the Pope.
Plants are grown in water or in substances other than soil.
Trade liberalisation happened in China.
Vera Beers works for Olivet.
Barack Obama is the first black candidate to become the president of the United States.
A 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck the center of Italy.
Guerrillas attacked government buildings.
East Timor was a colony of Dili before it was occupied by Indonesia in 1975.
Yuganskneftegaz cost US$ 27.5 billion.
Steps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
The top quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
A spokesman for Scotland Yard was freed yesterday.
Termini is the owner of Ellicott Lofts.
The cost of paper is rising.
President Bill Clinton is a supporter of "social capitalism".
Trade secrets were stolen.
Fabio Capello is the coach of the English team.
A cocaine-imbibing Miami man had life support removed.
Broadhurst Theatre is located in New York.
France invited Mr. Mugabe to attend a Franco-African summit in Paris.
The trigger for this move to ban Batasuna was their failure to condemn an ETA bombing.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as the Militant Islamic Palestinian Organization.
Plants are grown in substances other than soil.
The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.
Aspirin is one of the most widely used pain relievers available without a doctor's note.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
Gov. of Florida, Charlie Crist, has visited the cities of Lady Lake and Paisley.
US withdraws war crimes
Hunting endangers seal species.
Ian Tomlinson was shot by a policeman.
The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
A hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
The Senate is the least productive.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy was shot dead in 1963.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
There are 1,100 pandas in the wild, in China.
PixVillage is a French newspaper.
MCI shareholders accepted a $6.7 billion offer over Qwest's initial $8 billion.
A French journalist was assaulted in Tunisia.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Arlan and Sarah Calderon are Japanese.
German officials began investigating VW for theft.
Rainulf was the leader of the Normans.
The council is prohibited to travel outside of Haiti by military officers.
EU nations' citizens protest against punishment for unemployment.
Felipe Calderon won the presidential election of Mexico.
Bush pushed the issue to federal courts.
Romulus is found southwest of Detroit.
JonBenét Ramsey killed John Mark Karr in 1996.
Steven Jenkins was shot by a friend.
Google's blockbuster partnership with NASA Ames Research Center is leaving local officials, environmentalists and Silicon Valley landlords feeling left out of the party.
Protesters confiscated anti-American banners and chanted slogans attacking U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his close alignment with U.S. policy.
The pilot had been attempting an emergency landing, after both engines failed.
Audrey Hepburn starred in "Breakfast at Tiffany's".
Gansas' attorneys have said that rule was not communicated to ferry staff.
Jacqueline B. Wender is the President of Stanford University.
There is a state of maximum emergency in Guatemala because of the hurricane.
The ECB council meets on Sept. 15.
Ahmedinejad was attacked by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
Uma Thurman is engaged to Arpad Busson.
Jader Barbalho is the president of Amazon.
Drug legalization has benefits.
A mercenary group was injured in El Jicote.
Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
Guatemala borders on El Salvador.
The British indicated readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields.
Phil Wittmann works for Tom Benson.
Nival was sold in 2005.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
UNIFIL is affiliated with the Belgian Minister of Defence.
Two submarines have collided.
Singapore scientists reveal that SARS virus has undergone genetic changes.
Shapour Bakhtiar died in 1991.
It was like removing the lottery.
A person was stopped at an airport because of unpaid fines.
Drug legalization has benefits.
Putin and Bush, on Thursday, agreed that Iran, along with North Korea, must not become a nuclear threat.
The U.S. military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Illusionist James Randi offered a million dollars to anyone able to prove that homeopathy cures.
The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
The Economic Forecasting Center is located in Georgia.
Mercedes-Benz is a German car manufacturer.
Sir Clement Freud was the grandson of Sigmund Freud.
Acid attacks are carried out on women
Barak Obama is the 44th President of the United States.
Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front is accused of an attack on Merino's home.
The Bronx Zoo is the biggest zoo in New York.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange was closed down by computer system failure.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
Washington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say.
Demetrios Pandermalis is the president of the organization for the construction of the new Acropolis Museum.
Roughan has nine children.
A railway disaster caused a fire.
Nike said orders for footwear and apparel for delivery totaled $4.9 billion, including a 12 percent increase in U.S. orders.
The World Bank is criticized for its policies.
The Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago, Illinois.
Argentina lifted restrictions on British imports.
James Woolsey is the director of the CIA.
Movil Access appoints Gustavo Guzman as CFO.
Harrington is a resident of Massachusetts.
Duane Hanson was born in Minnesota.
João Woidyla is a relative of Pope John Paul II.
The African Union summit was in Egypt.
iPhone is a product of AT&T's.
Mussolini's mistress was Clara Petacci.
I-tunes does business with Disney.
Three scholars shared a Nobel Prize for their studies about the game theory.
Monica Meadows is in stable condition.
Tata group was founded 70 years ago.
Buda is located on the west bank of the Danube.
Dr Ian Scott is married to Helen Clark.
Al-Jazeera is an Arabic-language television network.
A New York state judge also ordered Kozlowski and former Chief Financial Officer, Mark Swartz, to serve 25 years in prison.
The pills were commercialized by major retailers.
Mrs. Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf is the leader of Unity party.
Jordan will host the meeting between President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
A tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
Democrat Culbert L. Olson was elected governor of California.
United Kingdom includes the Commonwealth Realms.
The possibility of an attack began with the arrest of Naeem Noor Khan.
Nefertiti died in 1912.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Obesity is medically treated.
Guido Demoor was assassinated by Joe Van Holsbeeck.
The symptoms of Parkinson's disease are: tremor, rigidity (stiffness; increased muscle tone), bradykinesia/akinesia, also "dysdiadokinesia", and postural instability.
The Rolling Stones have begun their latest  tour with a concert in Boston.
Denmark and Sweden tie.
The train accelerates to 430 kilometers per hour.
Carl Lewis won eighteen gold medals and set 21 world records.
Baltic Countries join the EU.
Zhao was arrested in 1989.
Florida is going to buy the Sugar Corporation.
The Sun workstation was created by Bechtlsheim.
Elizabeth Dowdeswell is Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme.
Baltic Countries join the EU.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in £3.2m.
Jose Padilla did not support terrorism.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
There is a volcano in Yellowstone.
Yulia Timoshenko is the daughter of Bishop Pavel.
Judith Miller is a member of CIA.
Yoko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
Brian Goodell won three gold medals in the 1979 Pan American Games.
"Fairytale of New York" does not contain the word "faggot".
Nike said that orders for delivery were up 11 percent from a year earlier, and it was optimistic about its growth prospects.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing lived from 1729 to 1781.
Qin Shi Huang was the first China Emperor.
Ahmadinejab threatens Iran nuclear activity.
Álvaro Marcelo García Linera belongs to the republican party.
Jews and Christians pray as Muslims do.
It's unclear whether Wednesday's twist will affect the timing of Google's initial public offering.
54,000 centrifuges would produce enough enriched uranium to fuel a 1,000-megawatt reactor.
Lucky Dube was a reggae star.
Mossad is an intelligence agency.
Hugh assisted Mustang.
The pilot had been attempting an emergency landing, after both engines failed.
Tom Cruise is married to Nicole Kidman.
The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
Zibo is in the vicinity of Beijing.
Clonaid announced that mother and daughter would be returning to the US on Monday.
Mitsubishi sales rose 46 percent
Hamid Karzai is an employee of the UN.
David Shankbone is an employee of The New York Times.
FMLN guerrilla units attacked a commercial company.
The Murray-Darling Basin is in central Australia.
Budapest was once popularly known as the "Queen of the Danube."
Lucy fossils have been discovered 3.3 million years ago.
The record for the longest stay in space, by a human, is 438 days.
The 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Norm Coleman is a member of the Republican Party.
The U.N. health agency has distanced itself from a top official's prediction that a global influenza pandemic could kill as many as 150 million people.
Ex-Tyco CEO, Dennis Kozlowski, received 8-1/3 to 25 years in prison, Monday, for his part in stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from the manufacturing conglomerate.
Microsoft Corp. invented the next generation HD DVD format.
Social Christian People's Movement was attacked by FMLN.
Disneyland has accident
Martin works for the Ochsner Foundation Hospital.
The cost of paper is rising.
75 people live in France.
Michael Melvill guided more than 100 rocket-ships above the Earth.
Christopher Reeve had an accident.
A380 has only 58 seats.
Rozsa Hill lies north of Castle Hill.
Deng Haihua is an employee of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
American tobacco companies began to diversify production.
Church of Scientology includes Lena Lewis among its members.
New England Patriots is the name of a fast food chain.
Sachin Lawande Named VP of Engineering Services at QNX
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
Drug legalization has benefits.
An official source for Caritas announced today in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital, which is the biggest hospital in Iraq,) were hit in the American-British shelling of Baghdad.
Israel will not prosecute the police who killed 13 Israeli Arabs during pro-Palestinian protests in 2000, because of a lack of evidence, an official inquiry said yesterday.
Lake Titicaca has a naval installation.
Louis Riel assassinated Scott.
The Thomas & Mack Center was built by NBA.
30 die in a bus collision in Uganda.
The World Bank is criticized for its activities.
The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Mars is called 'the red planet'.
Sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Infertile women cannot produce children.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Vanunu's disclosures in 1968 led experts to conclude that Israel has a stockpile of nuclear warheads.
Ocean remote sensing is developed.
The "grandmother hypothesis" suggests that infertile women are very important for raising children.
Nicholas Cage is married to Alice Kim Cage.
A lawsuit was filed against Wal-Mart.
The European Union is made up of 25 nations.
The Hasmonean Dynasty rules Jordan.
Gerhardt Schroeder was accused of helping VW.
The GDP was a disappointing report.
Wehkamp was based in the UK.
King Edward VIII abdictated in 1936.
Yunus started his own bank to loan money to the villagers.
Quarantine is compulsory for animals to enter the UK.
Wilkins departed Milan in 1987.
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Blue Mountain Lumber owns Ernslaw One.
Sonia Gandhi is winning in the Uttar Pradesh state.
Full English is recommended by New Zealand's Qualifications Authority.
The Quick Service Food Alliance also includes McDonald's.
Hurricane Katrina hit Florida.
2002 Olympic Winter games take place in Salt Lake.
New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
Renzo Piano is an architect.
Mr Joyce is an Australian Senator.
Six Uighurs were captured to gain information about al-Qaeda.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
Gallager attended Temple University.
For HIV-positive mothers, the decision about whether or not to breastfeed a child can be difficult.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
Mental health problems increase in the young.
African countries encourage keeping animals alive to attract tourists.
Rehnquist served the second-longest tenure, as chief justice, in US history.
Mars is called the red planet.
Mussolini's mistress was Eva Braunn.
James Hahn is a member of the Automobile Club of Southern California.
Stallone played Getty's father.
The automotive industry has seen advances in robotic metal cutting.
Castro visits the UN.
Richard Branson's cola is called Virgin Cola.
Christopher Reeve had an accident.
Fernando Lugo was a Catholic bishop.
The River Thames flows through London.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Shapiro works in Century City.
CERN head office is in Paris.
Disney gave the Smithsonian a trove of sought-after African art.
PM acquired three Russian factories.
Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Juan Carmelo Santana was killed by Brian and Tina Johnson.
Two submarines have collided.
Mexico produces more oil than any other country.
It takes longer to get green card.
Jack Straw is a partner of Celso Amorim.
The West Pharmaceutical Services plant had been cited for numerous safety violations last autumn.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Linksys and Aironet begin legal action against a Canadian company.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
Pierce lives on E. 28th Street.
Full diplomatic relations were re-established in 1990.
Hooper bought a house in Portland.
Anne Marie David won the Eurovision Song Contest.
In France, works of art bought at public auction are exempt from registration.
24 people died in an airplane crash.
"Scarface" is the nickname of Richard Harrison-Allen.
Zarubezhneft trades in oil.
Trade secrets were stolen.
Organic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Deutsche Telekom sold T-Mobile USA.
Finland is the European country with the highest birth rate.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
A FEMA team is based in California.
The state attorney general claimed that the archdiocese engaged in a coverup.
Sargent Dan Sakai was a colleague of John Hege.
British servicemen detained
A female rabbit is called a doe.
According to a song, Barack Obama is Irish.
A UFO might have been seen in Turkey.
Polio is under control in the world.
Falun Gong is a spiritual group.
300 people were killed in Mongolia.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
Reagan survived an attempted assassin's bullets.
With more than 220,000 refugees in Texas, Perry warned that his state was running out of room.
Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866.
Ostriches bury their heads in the sand.
Hugh Jackman will play the magician Harry Houdini.
Bosco Ntaganda is a general.
The pope made the sign of the cross.
An Alzheimer patient was in Michigan for an assisted suicide.
The Top Quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
Brent Frei quits ceo position.
Hugo Chávez acts as Venezuela's president.
Since 2002 Al-Qaida militants have tried to hit Western interests in Indonesia.
France carried out more than 200 nuclear tests during 30 years.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a Brazilian former Senate leader and Cabinet minister.
Cyanide is used in gold mining.
Mawlavi Waqifi lived in the southeastern province of Khost.
Smriti Kana Saha is a resident of Ranjat village.
Budapest consists of two principal parts that were merged in 1873.
Mitsui O.S.K is the owner of the Cayman Islands.
Starbucks is a US coffee giant.
Syria has 30,000 soldiers in 60% of Lebanon, and Israel controls an area in the south of 850 square kms.
Ashley Olsen plans a trip to Australia with Mary-Kate.
private spaceship launches
The Italian Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
The United States produces spam.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Musharraf met Brown in London.
Dortmund is twinned with Glasgow.
Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
Sondhi Limthongkul has been hit by more than 100 bullets.
Dodgers lose first game ever at Fenway
Yemen's Islamic Jihad group was set up by old Afgan warriors in 1992.
Ms. Miers was a leader of an evangelical church.
RJR built factories in Turkey.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
HIV-positive visitors take part in the 15th International AIDS Conference.
Klaus Pohl is a German dramatist.
The Dow Jones has gained points.
Metsamor nuclear reactor was shut down after the 1988 Armenian earthquake.
Chile has a female President.
Three people committed suicide in jail.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
There is a Marriott Hotel in London.
There is a new U. S. law that bans e-mail.
Cage played Superman.
The team studies hibernating mammals in Germany.
Six policemen and two soldiers were killed in a gunbattle, officials said.
Hashemi Rafsanjani will face Tehran's hard-line mayor in Iran's first runoff presidential election ever, officials said Saturday.
Edwin Hubble was an astronomer.
All are deeply concerned about the damage of the Iraq war and are looking for ways to resolve it.
To the south is Gellert Hill, which features the 19th-century Citadel.
Playwright Miller, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of 'Death of a Salesman', has died.
Coal stocks rise.
Quarks, leptons, and bosons are the three elementary particles of physics according to the Standard Model.
Angela Merkel is a Buddhist.
The six U.S. soldiers were residents in Afghanistan.
A tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
Iranian chemical weapons threaten United States.
Women can vote in elections in Saudi Arabia.
Kim Il Sung's son is called Kim Jong Il.
Daily telegraph is sold.
Lille has defeated Manchester United.
Nelson Beavers worked for Eurofins.
Russian forces vulnerable to guerrilla fighters
Pepfar was founded by President Bush.
Robots are used in the food industry, in general.
The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
A plane carrying vacationers home to the island of Martinique crashed, Tuesday, in Venezuela.
Randy Quevillon is employed at the University of South Dakota.
Eddeh calls for an extension to Al-Hrawi's presidency, saying that he should resign after the withdrawal of the Israeli and Syrian forces."
Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
SB 1800 is a law that protects children.
The Pharos Lighthouse was built around 280 BC.
Anousheh Ansari paid to go in space.
Aristide kills Prime Minister Robert Malval
The Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago.
An Airport concourse was evacuated Wednesday, after people began having trouble breathing.
Hinostroza's children attaked their mother with a gun.
Food and Drug Administration forbids human cloning without prior permission.
Some journalists and local officials were killed in one of the three bombings in the Baghdad area.
Dick Cheney is Vice President of the Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
There are seven continents.
The World Health Organization moved Friday, to revise alarming predictions that a pandemic stemming from the bird flu virus ravaging parts of Asia, could kill as many as 150 million people.
Bountiful reached San Francisco on 1 November 1945.
People experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
The 18 year-old D. Guzner is a member of the Anonymous group which attacked Scientology website.
The current name of Ceylon is Sri Lanka.
Johnny Stomponato starred in Fatal Attraction.
Ocean remote sensing is developed.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
The Pentagon reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircrafts.
Wilson was awarded the Pulitzer Prize.
French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
Total participated in the oil-for-food programme.
Alzheimer's disease is treated using drugs.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Michael McLendon has killed his child in Samson.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
EuroDisney is located in the various parks.
There have been many new subscribers to Vodafone in Japan in the past few months.
Liverpool beat Chelsea.
Some of the gunmen showed loyalty to Baquba's group.
About 10 million people live in France.
France still maintains Ecu is the best denomination for the Maastricht single-currency..
A.C. Milan lost to Reggina.
A plane crashed while flying on autopilot.
Fallujah is not far from Karabilah.
O.J. Simpson was released in Las Vegas.
A cholera outbreak hit Zimbabwe.
DOH stands for Department of Hurricanes.
The Apollo astronauts waved the American flag on the moon in 1969.
Manuel Rosales was mayor of Maracaibo.
Jessica Sierra once reached the finals of "American Idol".
Rick Dinon is the senior vice president of 20th Century Insurance Co.
Two British soldiers' imprisonment prompted UK troops to storm a police station.
A Colombian plane crashed in a remote region of Venezuela.
The World Bank is criticized for its activities.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
Oracle released a confidential document
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
Feinblatt works for Bloomberg.
The Olsen twins star in "New York Minute."
Col. Richard Wagenaar said the problems would set back repairs at least three weeks, but June was still the target for having the levees back to pre-Katrina strength.
Iran is backed up by Syria.
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum was opened in 1939.
Robert Senacal was arrested by police.
Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Sony BMG sells protected CDs.
"USA Today" is a subsidiary of "The Observer."
Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
Madonna is 50 years old.
Nefertiti was the stepmother of King Tutankhamen.
Pamuk won a Nobel Prize.
Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Robert Redford is the founder of Sundance Film Festival.
Rob Lawrence works for The Les Paul Legacy.
Net income grew to $369 million, or 83 cents per share, in the January-March period from $291 million, or 65 cents per share, a year ago.
A plane with 46 passengers has not contacted control towers.
Scientology is against psychiatry.
The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
John Sculley was an executive of the Macintosh group.
Claire Danes is an actress who played in "Stardust".
The parliamentary election takes place on September 18.
J.K. Rowling is the author of "Harry Potter".
Allan Chapman is employed at the River Forecast Centre.
Blair belongs to the Church of England.
Fruits and vegetables prevent osteoporosis.
Pregnant women are allowed to die after they deliver their babies.
Nine political offices of the Liberal and Social Conservative parties were attacked by the drug trafficking cartels.
Dow Jones is down.
Philippine fishermen use cyanide in fishing.
The Japanese Prime Minister is Morihiro Hosokawa.
Schwarzenegger was elected governor of California.
Ramadan announced that Iraq will not cooperate with the inspectors.
File-sharing service, Grokster, is in talks to be acquired by Mashboxx, which is attempting to establish a legal peer-to-peer music company.
Qatar is located in Shahaniya.
Non-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
Regan was almost assassinated in 1981.
Matthias Egger, MD, director of the department of social and preventive medicine (ISPM) at the University of Berne, Switzerland, led the study.
Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
Kevin Vincent buys store brand acetaminophen.
Ruth hit 714 home runs in his lifetime.
58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton's job performance.
Valero Energy Corp. caused damages to Port Arthur refinery.
Microsoft Corp. is a partner of Intel Corp.
Mr Carstens lost his job as IMF's deputy managing director last month.
Louisville is in Kentucky.
The causes of the outbreak were searched for by a team from the U.S. CDC.
Alexander Bortnikov lives in Chechnya.
Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
Ayrton Senna was from Sao Paulo.
Italian royal family returns home.
The House quickly passes bills addressing the priorities of entrepreneurs.
Haiti's only democratic presidential election took place in 1990.
The Kuiper Belt is nine billion miles from the Sun.
Israel has 1.5m Jewish inhabitants.
Batasuna denies it is the political wing of ETA.
IBM's has its headquarters in Armonk.
Samantha Orobator is a heroin addicted.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Police gather clues in double assassination.
Tom Online earned US$42.78 mn in three months.
Ruth Madoff is Bernard Madoff's daughter.
Mount Olympus is in the Olympic Range.
Wilson uses some 120 persons in Iraq, 40 of whom are inspectors.
Clinton's wife is called Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Most tours only sell 60 percent of the tickets.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
The WTO headquarters are located in Geneva.
Claudia Lawrence is 35 years old.
Offers by individual European governments, involved supplies of crude or refined oil products.
Slovenia has 1,964,036 inhabitants.
Pfizer is the world's largest drug company.
The Estonia sank south of Uto island.
Cyanide fishing is linked to the destruction of area reefs.
A pro-women amendment was rejected by the National Assembly of Kuwait.
Mars is called 'the red planet'.
It seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
Verizon Communications Inc.'s $6.7 billion takeover of long-distance provider MCI Inc. transformed the telephone industry.
Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
A plane carrying vacationers home to the French Caribbean island of Martinique crashed, Tuesday, in western Venezuela after reporting engine problems, killing all 160 people on board, officials said.
Polio is under control in the world.
Disneyland is in Hong Kong.
Documents included secret plans for a new factory.
President Bush authorized the federal courts to review the case.
Tolkien wrote the fantasy epic called "Lord of the Rings".
European Airlines are cutting jobs.
The Chinese New Year's Day falls on the first day of the first month of the Lunar Year.
Joseph Stiglitz is the winner of a Nobel prize in economics.
The weather channel gives you information about the weather in the next few days.
Texas researchers have found a naturally occurring hormone that can extend the lifespan of mice by as much as 30%, a discovery that opens a new avenue of research into human longevity.
Angie Zapata has been killed with a fire extinguisher.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
prime minister targeted for assassination
Galan was killed by patriotic union leftist militants.
Hovind  was found guilty on 59 federal counts.
The Socialist Party was founded in the United Kingdom.
The "Piano Man" worked for a British tabloid.
In Pittsburgh the police killed a gunman.
British and US-based investment funds acquire Berliner Verlag.
Organic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
Madonna has three children.
Mark Zuckerberg invented Facebook.
NATO was founded in 1949.
Fiona Mayo works in Fairfield.
Elijah Muhammad founded the Nation of Islam.
She recently left her camp, vowing to come back, to visit her mother who has just had a stroke.
11 people died in the terror attacks in Mumbai.
The prosecutor told the court that "distress" in one of the children is associated with the incident.
Green card is now difficult to receive.
British Columbia is located in Canada.
A Komodo dragon can be 10 feet long.
Americans used atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945.
There is a profitable trade between China and India.
Hector Oqueli Colindres comes from El Salvador.
Complaints arose in the organisation about users who redirect their modem connections.
Two worshippers were killed in Afghanistan.
Independence Day was a popular movie.
Linda Johnson is married to Charles.
A hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
Rachida Dati is a minister in France.
China was increasing its military spending and buying large amounts of sophisticated weapons.
Angela Curti was Mussolini's mistress.
The band Led Zeppelin was formed in 1980.
Yasser Arafat succeeded Abbas.
It could lead to thousands of job losses.
The first kibbutz was founded near the Sea of Galilee.
Infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing, according to the "grandmother hypothesis".
President Bush's first term in office showed a net gain in payroll jobs.
Te Arikinui Dame Te Atairangikaah was a student at Victoria University in 1999.
The UK retailer Zavvi has called in administrators during Christmas.
Reagan's economic strategy led to huge federal budget deficits.
Abu Eisa al-Hindi is the father of Abu Eisa al-Hindi.
A briefcase was found outside Starbucks in Charleston.
Queen Victoria was born in 1901
Carl Smith died on August 8.
Readers of online encyclopedias can edit the contents.
The prevailing party may not recover attorney fees.
Slash and burn cycle of clearing causes many problems in the rainforest.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles on the road to Baghdad's international airport.
Dick McNeil was an employee of Bush.
Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
Putin is the Prime Minister of Russia.
Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Iraq demands the lifting of the embargo and changes in the committee.
The United States threatened the "severest consequences" if Iraq were to use chemical or biological weapons against the United States, destroy Kuwaiti oil fields or participate in terrorism.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
The Lord's Resistance Army is a rebel organization.
Valero Energy Corp. is the owner of Port Arthur refinery.
Sex-change operations become more common.
Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
Vilupillai Prabhakaran is a rebel.
Manchester was beaten by Everton.
Buffalo is not far from Newark.
The Church of Scientology murdered Lisa McPherson.
Happy Madison works for the company owned by Sandler.
138,000 US troops are located in Iraq.
Tiger Woods attends the iF design exhibition 2007.
Vermeer is a 17th-Century Dutch artist.
Ford is part of the automobile industry.
White assisted the Labor government from 1972 to 1975.
Maulana Sufi Muhammad is the chief of Tehrik Nifaz Shariat-e-Muhammadi.
Mojave Desert is located in California.
Dick Cheney is the former Vice President.
Senacal resides in Cortland Manor.
Raju has Hepatitis-C.
Cyprus was divided into two parts in 1983.
Mexicans continue to illegally cross border
A South Korean in Iraq was killed by Muslim militants.
Many US soldiers developed Gulf War illness after the Gulf War.
The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
Aged just 14, Moog built his first electronic instrument, a theremin.
Two submarines have collided.
There was a fire in Alaska.
Vladimir Putin participated in the ceremonies for the freeing of the Auschwitz Birkenau concentration camp.
Sakina M'Sa has Comoros origins.
The Yemen branch of the "Islamic Jihad" group, kidnapped the 16 Western tourists.
Carrie Underwood won the second prize at the Academy of Country Music Awards.
Philip Morris said it sold 201 billion cigarettes worldwide during the third quarter of 1994.
The FBI is Alberto Gonzales' employer.
Cristiani killed six Jesuits.
The Freedom Tower will be the world's tallest building.
The coral organisms are endangered by the acidification of oceans.
Bush supports global terrorism.
Mahmoud Abbas has claimed victory in the presidential elections.
David Petraeus is the director of the CIA.
The Australian Prime Minister is called John Howard.
Polio is under control in the world.
Staten Island ferry captain has refused to talk with investigators.
Drug legalization has benefits.
Manuel Antonio Rugama was killed by Jose Jesus Pena.
A bridge falls into the Mississippi River.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
José Medellín was executed in Huntsville prison.
Three Vienna nurses are under suspicion for killing patients.
El Nino is named after Peru.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
Lucinda Creighton is the leader of a parliamentary party.
Trinity College was founded in 1999.
The Monastery of the Angels was founded 75 years ago.
The H. pylori produces sulphur compounds.
Cabrera and Cervantes are accused of having caused the Zaca Fire.
The three countries argued that UE, one of the greater exporter of the world, infringed the rules of the OMC when exceeding the limit of the subsidies to the exports indicated under the Agreement on Agriculture of the OMC in 1994.
Jyllands-Posten is published in Copenhagen.
Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Mr Lopez Obrador didn't loose the presidential election in July.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam is a guerrilla group.
Rachida Dati has Moroccan origins.
Sabena is an airline.
People can legally have 40 grams of cannabis in their possession.
The Dow Jones has gained points.
Crude oil prices rise.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
George Bush is the president of the European Commission.
The ASD includes diseases such as autism and Asperger's syndrome.
Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Communist China is an organisation based in Beijing and Washington.
Sportswomen have been suspected of doping.
APEC is the newly born Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation.
Mike Tyson bit Evander Holyfield's ear on June 28, 1997.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
A woman passionately wanted to watch the soccer championship.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
In Africa, rhinos are seriously endangered by poaching.
Ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations work for ASEAN.
French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
The Hutu and Tutsi groups fought in Rwanda.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
Communist control in Hungary ended in 1948.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Siena was beaten by A.S. Roma.
Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Demonstrations against G8 Summit took place at Sea Island bay.
Hebron is located 20 miles south of Jerusalem.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
Sunni Arabs say they're not ready to re-join the committee drafting Iraq's new constitution.
Iridium Jazz Club is located in New York.
MNJ is a group of Malian bandits.
The Berlin Wall was torn down in November, 1989.
India and Pakistan have decided to free hundreds of civilian prisoners in each others jails.
Readers of online encyclopedias can edit the contents.
Moog's instruments were used by The Beatles and The Doors among others.
Jacob Zuma is the leader of the ANC party.
People are likely to start smoking tobacco when young.
Potter fans rushed to tills in order to purchase the book.
Toshiba Corp. is a partner of Sony Corp.
The Japanese seized Manchuria in 1931, and began a war against China in 1937.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
Bill Clapp is the founder of the Global Partnerships.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index dropped.
Nebraska is not far from West Virginia and Wyoming.
Accardo was a member of the Walter Stauffer Academy.
Mike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear in 1997.
Medicare will choose 10 percent of applicants to receive benefits by Aug. 16.
Nicole won the Eurovision Song Contest.
Young women are binge drinking more, which can lead to the health risk of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Tanning may cause skin cancers.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Servicemen and women are fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.
Luis was killed by the capos of the mafia.
Mr. Abbas is a member of the Palestinian family.
Arroyo has experience as an economist and as a government manager.
Polio is under control in the world.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
A civilian was killed by a car bomb.
Virgin Radio was the employer of Chris Evans.
Manas air base is located in Kyrgyzstan.
A chemical attack took place at the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Strip.
J.D.E. is the owner of Oracle.
Yunus supported more than 50,000 Struggling Members.
Biodiesel produces the 'Beetle'.
Jade Goody is a contestant in Celebrity Big Brother.
"Two Trains Running" was written by Wilson.
Nizar HAMDOON, Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations, announced that thousands of people could be killed or wounded due to the aerial bombardment of Iraq.
Some people in the village of Joba received loans from Yunus.
Dietary intake of magnesium prevents osteoporosis.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
Jalal Talibani is friends with Obama.
Bush and Putin urge Iran to give up nuclear ambitions.
Christians pray the rosary.
Patrica Petersen was brought up in Bundamba.
18 states have provisions that permit women who quit their jobs because of domestic violence to collect unemployment insurance.
Suncreams designed for children protect at the level they advertise.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was born in Germany.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Slovenia has 2 million inhabitants.
Microsoft was established in June 1998.
Bill Eubanks was Melinda Duckett's grandad.
Duke University is in Durham.
Welding is a common use for robots in the auto industry.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Kieslowski is a film and TV director.
Tropical Storm Arthur is approaching the US coast.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
The SEC's new rule will give boards independence.
The Osaka World Trade Center is the tallest building in Japan.
Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
South Ossetia chose Eduard Kokoity as President.
US officials are concerned by the political vacuum and fear that it is feeding sectarian tensions, correspondents say.
Salesforce shares were more than 50% above their offering price of $17.20.
I am delighted and wish The Prince of Wales and Parker Bowles a happy life.
Mbeki holds the office of Prime Minister.
Yamaguchi survived two atomic bombings.
ETA fights for the independence of Basque Country.
Rita Levi-Montalcini is a Nobel prize winner.
Lukoil earned $1 billion in 2004.
Opening day of the stock of Salesforce.com rose 56.4% over the initial offering price.
Washington is part of London.
South Korea continues to send troops.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
Cyrus issued a declaration in 538 that would allow the Jews to go back to their homeland.
UV-B light is damaging the ozone layer.
Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Abedelaziz Bouteflika won the Algerian presidential election.
Scientists have discovered a gene that produces a hormone that raises the life expectancy in mice by 30 percent.
Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
Sex-change operations become more common.
According to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the plant was inspected in October and fined for safety violations.
The South African steel manufacturer Iscor plans to develop a mini-mill.
"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
Cathy Young is the author of "Snowball's Chance".
Although 58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton's job performance, 44% found Nixon's work adequate at the start of the Watergate scandal.
In the Netherlands five grams of cannabis can be legally held in possession.
Lithuania intends to introduce the use of the Euro as an official currency on January 1, 2007.
The population of Ulan Bator is 4,000.
Malaria is widespread in Africa.
CBS newsman Harry Reasoner was born in Iowa.
Lisa Ince is the chief of Sydney Professional Dancers.
People experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
The World Health Organization is based in Turkey.
Bountiful reached San Francisco in August 1945.
The burning backpack contained plastic pipes packed with gunpowder and BBs.
Air travel costs $20 million.
A female rabbit is called a buck.
Dadullah is a Taliban.
Werber died in North Carolina at the age of 100.
Most of the marijuana entering the United States comes from Canada.
A tsunami is a series of waves created when a body of water rapidly displaced on a massive scale.
Natta supported the Manifesto group.
The Zambian government has ordered to plant potatoes.
Joseph Wilson worked for CIA.
Williams has a daughter called Matilda.
Steve Boone is a member of GIMPS.
Sir Ian Blair works for the Metroplitan Police.
Folk singer Joan Baez brought her latest anti-war message Sunday to President Bush's adopted hometown, supporting Iraq war protesters camping out near his ranch.
White House ignored the threat of attack
Paleontologist Hans-Dieter Sues and other scientists discovered a T Rex bone in Montana.
A gorilla escaped from his cage in a zoo in Germany.
Two bank branches were attacked with dynamite.
An interpreter worked for Afghanistan.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
Queen Cleopatra ordered the assassination of her sister.
People are willing to risk imprisonment rather than perform military service.
NTSB is responsible for investigating transportation accidents in the United States.
Philip Green tries to take over Marks & Spencer.
Natta supported Italian Socialism.
Hussein gives UN inspectors unfettered access.
The charges were denied by his family.
Gennaro Castaldo is 67 years old.
Pibul was the minister in Bangkok.
Yasuhisa Arai is an employee of Honda Research Institute Japan.
Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Mobile phones can interfere with aircraft systems.
Rick Wagoner is one of the major shareholders of GM.
Rutgers University will be awarded a $3 million grant.
Clinical trials involve an average of 200 patients per trial.
CNN reported that officials at the Pentagon said that President Clinton is obligated to stop the shelling on Iraq .
Pfizer is a pharmaceutical company.
Yahoo's technology will still be used.
Willesden will appear before Horseferry Road magistrates' court today.
This poll was carried out on the 6th and 7th of October, and included a segment of 861 people with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Rosales lost a presidential race to Chavez in 2006.
Tyler Jackson has been sentenced to 18 months.
Power lines were attacked by FMLN.
Around 30 deputies were killed on 12 Jul 89.
Crimea became part of Ukraine in 1954.
The new thin-casting process shook up the steel industry.
The International Atomic Energy Agency holds a meeting in Vienna.
There was a Chinook attack.
The funeral procession had been directed to the UNDP headquarters in Baghdad, where signs denouncing Americans as "enemies of God," were seen.
Scientists want children to learn evolution.
Traditional Balinese massage is a therapy where pushing techniques predominate.
Cruise was in Leicester Square when he was squirted with water.
President Clinton thinks that industrial espionage is a threat to America's well being.
Companies selling genetically modified foods don't need labels.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose.
Rosneft belonged to the Russian State.
Vitas Gerulaitis died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Carrie Prejean is Miss California.
Maternity leave varies in Europe.
As many as 180,000 people could return within 10 days to a city that held 460,000 before Hurricane Katrina struck.
Sunshine Coast Regional Council accepted McDonald's Australia development plans.
The US Declaration of Independence is located in Independence Hall.
Police report there has been an explosion in the tube station.
The cost of the consumer of the United States fell in June.
Our substances remove stains.
The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
The number of billionaires increases.
Australia's Broken Hill Proprietary and the US's North Star Steel will build and operate one in the US Midwest.
2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
Putin is 40 years old.
The United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon comes from Haiti.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
Colombia's education minister has been kidnapped by Marxist rebels.
Scott Stevens has connections with the Yakuza.
Ruslana was born in Ukraine.
Capt. Scott reached Scott Island in December 1902.
European nations were considering releasing oil reserves to help the United States after Hurricane Katrina.
Giulio Andreotti is a prime minister.
The World Cup final was held in Pasadena.
The UK retailer Zavvi has called in administrators during Christmas.
Lopez took documents from GM to VW.
Muslims pray at the mosque.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Alan Tanguay killed a woman to steal $6.
Intel Germany engaged Hans-Jürgen Werner as spokesman.
Pierce lives near Rossville Blvd.
The acidification of oceans affects tourism.
The mosque is a place of worship for Muslims.
The Attorney, said at the funeral, "They were all Iraqis killed during the brutal shelling."
12 members of the European Union use the Euro instead of their own national currencies.
Many US soldiers developed Gulf War Syndrome after the Gulf War.
What really irks Frye and other doctors of homeopathy, however, is that homeopathic remedies are not supposed to be used like medical drugs.
A "McJob" is a low-paid job.
Mr. Tomlinson was hit by a policeman.
A delay for Google's IPO would push the deal later into a month that is traditionally light on IPO volume.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
All four men have been released on bail and are due to return to a police station.
Bowles will take the title of Princess Consort.
Hubble is a Space telescope.
A glacial period occurred about 750 million to 600 million years ago.
Howard is a political representative of Australia.
The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
Alison Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen.
Militaryescortsm4m.com belongs to James Guckert.
Jakarta is easily flooded during the rainy season.
The engine can answer specific queries directly.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
Letizia Moratti is the mayor of Milan.
Natasha Bedingfield is married to Matthew Robinson.
St. Augustine's Episcopal Church is in Manhattan.
Charles Brumskine is a member of the United Democratic Party.
Cristiani is the president of Costa Rica.
The mayor of New York is Michael Bloomberg.
Yoko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
Lincoln was assassinated in the presidential box of Ford's Theater.
Levomepromazine causes schizophrenia.
Feith works in Brussels.
Nearly 350 million people were eligible to vote since the EU took in 10 new members on May 1.
Petroleum is explored in the South Atlantic.
New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on October 30.
Anne Frank died at the age of 15.
A shell is an external protocol handler.
Five other soldiers have been refused to face courts-martial.
Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
Nelson Beavers is one of the owners of Carolina Analytical Laboratories.
Hoover is the president of Stanford University.
Justice Carlos Valencia was killed in Colombia.
Vilupillai Prabhakaran is a diplomat.
A German nurse was convicted of manslaughter and mercy killing of patients by lethal injection.
Baikalfinansgroup was sold to Rosneft.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
25 of the dead were civilians.
Yong Chantalangsy is a representative of Laos.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
The biggest art theft in US history was the theft of a dozen works from Boston's Gardner Museum.
The Golden Flyers set a school record with 16 victories.
Cardinal Law returns from Rome with plans to stay in Boston.
Mohammed Taha was Sudanese.
The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
The Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago, Illinois.
Sabena is a national airline.
The Gulf of Aden is located along the northern coast of Somalia.
Sohan Dosova is 130 years old.
The US labelled North Korea part of an 'axis of evil'.
Mahmoud Abbas has won a landslide victory in Sunday's presidential election.
Dr Fiona Wood has invented a treatment for burns victims.
Relations between Argentina and Great Britain are growing more cooperative.
The 54-year-old man resides in London.
The "skunk" cannabis is used to treat mental health problems.
Gianni Versace is a designer.
Jose Jesus Pena is accused of the assassination of Manuel Antonio Rugama.
The Inner City Little League is sponsored by Chicago White Sox Charities.
EuroDisney is located nearby National Children's Homes.
Los Vegas hosted the Comdex trade show for 20 years.
Saint Joan of Arc's brigade got weapons for combatants.
Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
Mrs Hobday departs London.
The Rolling Stones kicked off their tour in Boston.
Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
Eddy Curry was acquired by the Bulls.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
Springsteen introduced some of the 12 new songs off his latest release, "Devils andDust", which was recorded without the E Street Band.
We estimate that the Big Bang happened 20 years ago.
La Scala opera house is located in Milan, Italy.
La Familia Michoacana are drug traffickers.
Teens who are depressed are much more at risk of attempting suicide than other teens.
Family Court cannot punish the guilty.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
Indonesian carriers will not acquire airplanes from Europe.
Steve Jobs is the creator of Apple.
The British Army crossed the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in 1839.
An Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
Thai soldiers have shot two Cambodians crossing the border.
Klaus Pohl is one of Germany's most performed dramatists.
Miller was the best scorer at the World Championship in 1966.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
TMGO is the tallest building in Japan.
Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Adrianna Bachan lived in the USC campus.
North Korea has a stockpile of nuclear weapons.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
Adriana Lima is married to Marko Jaric.
Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
A witness rescued Rodriguez.
Rheumatoid arthritis is caused by microbes.
Wheelchairs were used to lead passengers off the ship.
Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
The Chinese New Year's Day falls on the 1st of February in 2003.
The United States has asked member states of the International Energy Agency to provide oil.
Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
People experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
Abu Zubaydah belongs to al-Qaida.
Robert Waltrip works for the Bush family.
Boeing is a subsidiary of Airbus SAS.
Mr Green tries to take over Marks & Spencer.
Non-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
Vera Beers works for Standard Printing.
There is an outbreak of leukemia among children in California.
The report analyzes 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.
Gene Bartow coaches Alabama Birmingham.
910 passengers died in the "Estonia" shipwreck.
Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Thousands of Shias have marched in the southern Iraqi city of Basra to back the new constitution.
Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
The "yellow shirts" supports Vejjajiva.
Nefertiti was a queen.
The highest skyscraper in the world is being built in Dubai.
The name of Queen Cleopatra's sister was Arsinöe.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3.2 million pounds.
Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia anyone can edit.
Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Norwegian police arrested three people for the theft of Munch's painting, 'The Scream'.
Sue Robbins visits the former Woodson-Tenent Laboratory.
Mahmoud Abbas has claimed victory in the Palestinian presidential elections, and has dedicated his win to Yasser Arafat, who died in November 2004.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
Gerardo Olivos Silva is a member of the Maoist terrorist organization Shining Path.
Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside ex-USSR.
In Johannesburg, activists complained that Bush spent billions of dollars on the global fight against AIDS instead of on war.
Yunus is the first person to win a Nobel Prize.
The Istiqlal Mosque is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
The Canadian parliament's Ethics Commission accuses Judy Sgro.
Tennessee Tech is an organisation based in Cookville.
Nikolai Haitov is a writer.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn's wife's name was Natalya Reshetovskaya.
The American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States about the bombings on Iraq.
Allen introduced a new technique of creating realistic scenery.
Many tents were overwhelmed after a storm hit the Somerset site on the festival's first day.
Kerry watched fireworks.
Greenspan also said that bloated trade and budget deficits threaten the long-term health of the U.S. economy.
David Cameron works as the shadow education secretary.
The Rolling Stones have begun their latest world tour with a concert in Boston.
Several new political parties emerged.
Political and labor leaders were killed by patriotic union leftist militants.
France24 is a French TV Channel.
John Grace works for QSFA.
MAQS law firm employed hundreds of volunteers.
Movil Access appoints Jose Luis Riera as CFO.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
Drug legalization has benefits.
Celso Amorim resides in London.
Over 2 million people died of AIDS last year.
The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
The NATO has 16 members.
Pilar is the mother of Schneider.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Vladimir Putin does not support Medvedev.
Volkswagen AG produces the 'Beetle'.
The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
Ronaldo is Portuguese.
The Ebola virus has been found in Zaire.
Ali Mahmoud Ali Somaa is a resident of Egypt.
King Edward VIII abdicated on the 10th of December, 1936.
Michael Mukasey is the U.S. Attorney General.
Martha Stewart was convicted of lying about a stock trade and served five months in prison.
Since last August about 4,000 people died of cholera in Zimbabwe.
Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
US Steel may invest in strip casting.
Euro-Disney is an Entertainment Park.
Vance worked with Hooper.
Aldrich Hazen Ames is married to Rosario Casas Ames.
25 people died in an airplane crash.
The Sears Tower has 110 stories.
The EU partially refuses commission candidates.
Tom Malinowski is director for Human Rights Watch.
Councilman Pierce owns a car.
The Mona Lisa is in France.
The temperature of the Cosmic Microwave Background is 2.7 kelvins.
Missouri's population is 118,000.
However, the documents leaked to ITV News suggest that Menezes, an electrician, walked casually into the subway station and was wearing a light denim jacket.
Parliamentary elections create new government in France.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a writer.
Elizabeth II is the queen of England.
They saw an eagle perched on a cactus eating a serpent.
John Galyean's wife is called Frances.
Anant Gupta was kidnapped in India.
Britain's Export Credit Guarantee Department underwrites loans to Argentina.
John Paul II is Italian.
Fiat wants to acquire some stakes in Chrysler.
Facebook and MySpace were invented by Eric Gurr.
Desko's Orange beat Navy 14-13 on Monday for the Division I title in men's lacrosse.
Petroleum will be explored in the South Atlantic.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
Alzheimer's disease is treated using drugs.
The scientists had thought that all explosions gamma the ray have a standard energy.
A massive blast at a plastics factory killed at least two people.
The banking firm Barings collapsed due to speculations made by Nick Leeson.
The World Bank is criticized for activities.
Ottawa promises more money to upgrade the literacy levels and skills of natives and high school dropouts.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
White got the $10,000 Britannia Award.
Datel acquired C&D Technologies
Drug legalization has benefits.
NATO has 16 members.
Maulana Sufi Muhammad is the leader of Tehrik Nifaz Shariat-e-Muhammadi.
A complete Dakosaurus was discovered by Diego Pol.
500 small companies are partners of Procter and Gamble.
Time Magazine was created by Evan Wolfson.
Microsoft will provide free anti-virus protection.
The Pharos Lighthouse was located in Alexandria.
The NCEA has been degraded by the authority.
Sylvia Costas is the wife of Andy Sipowicz.
The Corfu Channel incident was about a British destroyer sunk by Albania in the Corfu Channel.
MG Rover has been bought by Airbus.
Juan Carlos Lecompte is the founder of the Green Oxygen Party.
The Salvadoran Armed Forces Soldiers murdered three Salvadoran citizens.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
The Gulf War was fought in 1991.
Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
Shapiro teaches at NY University.
Sumner died at Farnham.
The Senate Judiciary Committee, on Thursday, approved Judge John Roberts' nomination as the next Supreme Court Chief Justice, virtually assuring his confirmation by the Senate next week.
Madonna was born in Bay City, Mich.
A hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
Salesforce.com started trading under the symbol "CRM."
Clinton told the two sides that he would publicly announce their failure to agree, thereby pressurising them.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
The "Piano Man" came from Germany.
Five masterpieces, including a Renoir, were recovered when the thief confessed.
Tiffany Vise and Derek Trent are the first pair of skaters to land a triple salchow jump.
Strong sales for iTunes in Europe.
Julius Meinl V is the chairman of Austria's closely-held Meinl Bank.
"Does A Tiger Have A Necktie" was produced in London.
"Beatrice and Benedict" is an overture by Berlioz.
Ciancio was hospitalized for speaking to the baby.
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Polio is under control in the world.
Nokia produces mobile chips.
The WSF takes place in Brazil.
After the resignation of six pro-Syrian ministers a deep political crises started in Lebanon.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
A tropical storm has caused loss of life.
People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
NCEA is the main qualification for high school students.
Bad weather creates problems.
The Baltic Countries will join the EU.
Rita caused damages to seven refineries located in Lake Charles, La.
The jurisdiction of the case was queried by the Prime Minister and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Some stolen art is recovered through offered rewards.
Al-Zarquawi is dead.
Joker appears in the Batman series.
LTTE stands for Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
Dooley Foyer is located in Dooley Hall.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
Zhao was a member of the Communist Party.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
Burns surgeons approve Dr Wood's spray-on skin.
The Dalai Lama has been living in exile since 1950.
African polio outbreak feared
A daily commuter flight crashed in New York.
The number of internet users in New Zealand has increased.
The Prince of Wales and Bowles will marry in a civil ceremony at Windsor Castle.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announced her retirement.
An elephant can reach the age of 85.
Kelega Chacha died in the Geita region.
More money in the hands of consumers means more money can be spent to get the economy going.
Perry Farrel hopes to found another music festival.
Paul Watson is the founder of Greenpeace.
Organic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
Ross Perot ran for president in 1992.
The Hercules transporter plane made a flight to Pakistan.
Oqueli was taking part in the Nicaraguan electoral campaign.
Hour-long special episodes of ITV soaps, "Emmerdale" and "The Bill", were the top-rated UK TV shows on the commercial channel's 50th anniversary.
The Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act was adopted in 1986.
Volvo is a car manufacturer from Finland.
A plating company dumped cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system.
Henry Borski and Jake Borski are relatives.
Wikipedia was launched by Jimbo Wales.
A genetic mutation has been linked with Parkinson's disease.
Tyson bit off part of one of Evander Holyfield's ears in 2002.
The most notable happening occurred early Sunday morning, when rap-label owner, Marion "Suge" Knight, was shot in the leg at a Kanye West party.
James E. Blatt killed a 15-year-old-boy in California.
More than 200,000 U.S. composers, songwriters, lyricists and music publishers are members of ASCAP.
The December burst came from a neutron star in the constellation Sagittarius.
In Pittsburgh a man shot 3 policemen.
Users were unaware of the modem connections' redirection.
Hovind  was found guilty on 59 federal counts.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £174,000.
The Statue of Liberty was built in 1989.
Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Kevin Garnett was born in Minnesota.
European nations have signed the Treaty of Lisbon.
The appeals court was their last best chance to get that feeding tube reinserted into their daughter.
Reagan almost died on March 30, 1981, when would-be assassin John W. Hinckley Jr. shot him.
The crisis worsened after the UN draft document for the creation of an international tribunal was approved.
EuroDisney is located in this magical kingdom.
Sandy Ordonez was replaced by Jay Walsh.
The cost of paper is rising.
Judith Miller works for the US Government.
Sophie's World is a best seller.
The International Olympic Commitee's head office is in Lillehammer.
Angola was subject to an embargo on the export of diamonds.
Persia bought oil from Iraq during the embargo.
The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
Crude oil rises.
Yoko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
Tom Cruise is married to Oprah Winfrey.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Warsaw remained Poland's capital after the war.
Toyota Motor is located in Toyota City.
FMLN caused a blackout in the capital.
Oil prices rise.
The patent abstract shows a number of devices using a single source.
The Civil War: A Narrative is a book written by Shelby Foote.
Drew Barrymore is in a relationship with Justin Long.
Pope Pius VI died in France.
Rana is the Trade Minister in China.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
UNSCOM is to stay in Iraq.
Toshiba produces notebook computers.
Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Ryanair shares suffered a 3% decrease.
Two South Africans were arrested in Pakistan in the past week after a shoot-out at a house between al-Qaeda operatives and security forces.
Rostov-on-Don is a Russian city whose twin is Glasgow.
Lake Titicaca is located in Peru.
Jyestadeva invented calculus.
Bruce Willis' wife is from California.
The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Liverpool Evil Cabal is the name of an online blog.
The Kremlin is owned by Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
23 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human.
The Milky Way measures 2,000 light-years across.
Ochsner Foundation Hospital is located in New Orleans.
India is on the Asian continent.
Syrian troops have been withdrawn from Lebanon after the murder of Rafik Hariri.
Heemeyer had installed television cameras connected to three monitors so he could see where he was going.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
Maxtor is based in Milpita.
Microsoft Corp. is a competitor of Toshiba Corp.
Non-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
Police issued John Wadham's statement after lawyers for the de Menezes family met with the complaints commission, demanding more information about the killing.
International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
Lebanon elected a new President.
The transfer of power took place in Baghdad.
Robots are used to spray dye on garments.
Comdex launches trade shows for 20 years.
GUS sold Wehkamp.
Prince Charles and Princess Diana got married in August 1997.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
Israel has 70 Jewish inhabitants.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Brad Pitt is 45 years old.
India and Pakistan have fought three wars for the possession of Kashmir.
The Statute of Liberty was built in 1986.
New substances are damaging the ozone layer.
Four people were injured by a grenade.
Mental health problems increase in the young.
Lee Hsien Loong is friends with Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.
The Italian government introduces reforms to higher education.
Italian royal family returns home.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
California Assembly Bills 1792 & 1793 are laws against ultraviolent video games.
Sustainable forestry and development techniques are being employed.
Rock was resplendent at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday night, as the veteran punk group, Green Day, took home seven moonmen.
100 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
Representatives of the 142 member countries of the World Trade Organization will gather in Doha, Qatar, next Friday.
The first heart transplant in Britian was performed in 1979.
Non-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
Voting will take place in the American House of Representatives today, on the President Clinton-Monica Lewinsky scandal.
Victoria Petrucelly is a student from the Christ School.
Crippa's wife, Joan, was an Italian immigrant.
Foreign oil reserves will be made available to the U.S. in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
BOVESPA is an NGO.
China is a member of the U.N. Security Council.
"The Kite Runner" was written by Khaled Hosseini.
A teenager shot 15 people in Germany.
Marlowe supported Zaleshoff.
Europe's first pyramid has been discovered near Sarajevo.
Polish troops confiscated Warheads
A U.S. soldier was sentenced to 90 years in jail.
MCI made no mention of its planned $6.7 billion agreement to be acquired by Verizon Communications in its release, Friday.
AZT is an AIDS treatment.
Robots are used to assist in a range of surgical procedures.
U.S. Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage
The Natural Resources Defense Council safeguards the Earth.
Slovenia has 5.5 million inhabitants.
North Korea has announced its withdrawal from liaison meetings with United States military officers.
J.J. Hardy has a contract with the Milwaukee Brewers.
Evo Morales' residence is Palacio Quemado in La Paz.
2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
Clark Gable dated Anita Page.
Arizona and 17 other states received a C in the field of mental-care health.
Fernandez works for FEMA.
Microsoft was established in 1991.
Workers strike in response to Norwegian employers' threats.
Mogadishu is the capital of Somalia.
Arabic is the language of the Quran.
Nikolai Haitov is a historian.
Michel Mayor is the discoverer of the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Ms Lupse works for Prima TV.
Hotel Rosengarten is a completely clothing-free hotel.
Deng Xiaoping is 90 years old.
Intel would raise the clock speed of the company's flagship Pentium 4 processor to 4 GHz.
"Uncle Bob" is Robert Mugabe.
Rennyo founded Honganji Shinshu Buddhism.
Stalin deported 800,000 Chechens.
Ocean remote sensing is applied.
Mr. Roughan is a member of the Armed Offenders Squad.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
A tropical storm has caused significant property damage.
Southeast Asian ministers' meeting is held in Laos.
Kailash Satyarthi, India's leading opponent of child labour.
The United Nations produces vehicles.
Hans Blix is the director general of IAEA.
In a poll of the American public, most people approved laws that allow life-support to be removed from a terminally ill patient.
Draft experts draft eight international players.
The report blames intelligence agencies.
Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in 1947.
The European country with the highest birth rate is Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Ecevit was unable to form the government due to a lack of support.
Mohammed Taha works for an NGO.
7000 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human.
Mark David Chapman killed Lennon.
Drug legalization has benefits.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
Teacher wins right to market Harry Potter.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
The city's motto is, appropriately, "Contemnit procellas" ( "It defies the storms").
Zoe died in a boating accident.
The Metropolitan Museum has 250 employees.
Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
After the service, Lennon attempted to speak to victims and protesters.
Andreotti collaborates with the Mafia.
Lance Armstrong is a French rider.
Sunshine Coast Regional Council accepted McDonald's Australia development plans.
Soyuz spacecraft were built by Russia.
Tehran did not cooperate with the U.N. watchdog's attempts to investigate suspicious aspects of Iran's nuclear program.
The use of drugs can help control anxiety.
The Peruvian bridge in Ayachuco province broke because of the weight on it.
237 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human.
The Frizlen Group is situated in Buffalo.
Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
The Kabale district borders on Rwanda.
Priscilla Presley told fans, "you're helping Elvis make history again."
Zorrilla started the revolution of 1868.
Interstate 35W St. Anthony Falls Bridge crosses the Mississippi River.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
Yoko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
Ms Siracura joined the Eurovision Song Contest.
T.R. Mahalingham made the first seven holed flute.
Time Warner is based in Cingular.
Moussaoui participated in the Sept. 11 attacks.
The Taliban is the rebels' employer.
30% of the people infected with HIV live in Africa.
Dell is a Swedish company.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
Giovanni Agnelli is the president of Fiat.
Vitamin E can prevent heart disease.
Michel Camdessus is managing director of IMF.
Sex-change operations become more common.
Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Iraq would have constituted a threat to the world.
Analysts had expected revenue of $3.8 billion, according to Reuters estimates.
Eliza May hired Helena Brighton.
American Airlines will recall hundreds of flight attendants.
Vilupillai Prabhakaran is the elusive leader of the LTTE.
Chimps design tools to catch termites.
Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia was arrested in May.
Kashan dated Paul Hester.
Mr Mulroney was an ally of Mr Trudeau.
Nicolas Sarkozy is supported by the Union pour un Mouvement Populaire.
Rising prices have helped make many people feel wealthier and thus more inclined to spend.
Alex Dyer represents Santarchy.
The Court endorsed U.N. sanctions against Libya.
Cyprus was divided into two parts on May 1, 2004.
Ahmadinejad attacked the UN Security Council.
Cyprian Gatete is an employee of Reuters.
The pet passport contains the complete vaccination history of pets.
Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Ryan was Cathal's father.
Gazprom detains the Uzbek pipeline monopoly.
Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
Last year, the tally was 148
North Korea says it will rejoin nuclear talks.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
The U.S. military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Atkins diet is associated with increased risk conditions.
Gavin Newsom is a politician of San Francisco.
Arabic is the primary language of the Philippines.
Nuclear waste transport delayed in Germany.
Libya's leader Colonel Muammar Qaddafi arrived in Tunisia at the invitation of President Zine El Abidine Bin Ali.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
Rome is located in Lazio province.
Porsche is a German car manufacturer.
Rennyo reached Yoshizaki in 1471.
The contaminated pills contained metal fragments.
The Anzio beachhead is located 33 miles south of Rome.
Sales of existing homes raised 7.8%.
Alan Mulally is the owner of Boeing.
Reports from an Iraqi official today, Saturday, said that the 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad .
Obama's dog is called Bo.
Hanover Properties owns the Dorean Group.
The UN Agency for International Development is an organisation based in Madagascar.
Private spaceship launches.
Jessica Litman is a law professor.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
Airbus plans a design engineering centre.
Heysham is where Doreen Johnson works.
Dietary intake of magnesium prevents osteoporosis.
Democrats won the elections three years ago.
Blair was Prime Minister before Brown.
Microsoft was established in fall of 1997.
A local banker bids for Bank Antonveneta.
Aerosmith are a rock band.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn's wife's name is Anastasia.
Ingushetia's capital is Nazran.
Hector Oqueli Colindres is a citizen of Mexico.
France24 is a French TV Channel.
The World Bank is criticized for its policies.
The International Conference on Population and Development was held in Cairo.
Muriel Drinkwater was killed in 1946.
China is a member of SCO.
Moore now has the commandments plaque posted in his office.
A robotic arm has been used for scientific discoveries.
A tiger attacked three people in San Francisco.
Four people were assassinated by the pilot.
Kathleen Sebelius comes from Pennsylvania.
Afghanistan was invaded by the Soviet Union in 1979.
The Morgans have lived near Yale University since the 1950s.
African polio outbreak feared
Alcohol has an effect on violent crimes.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
Several sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Management at Huawei was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.
A Filipino man has been kidnapped by gunmen.
The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
Readers of online encyclopedias can edit the contents.
Papal travel is affected by political concerns.
Pamela Izevbekhai comes from Nigeria.
Refusal of Argentina to buy cattle created new tensions between the two countries.
In a bowl, toss the olive oil with salt and pepper.
More than 200,000 people were killed in the air attack in the Darfur region.
Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
Inflammation is the result of ulcers.
Terrorist kidnaps dozens of Iraqis.
Italian royal family returns home.
Hubble is a Space telescope.
The author of "The Kite Runner" lives in Iran.
Centralized inventory records for museums aid in theft awareness.
Gateway lowered its sales and earnings guidance for the year.
Senator Rosario Ibarra is a human rights militant.
Heaney was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1995.
The governor of Basra will not work with British troops until there is an apology for a raid to free two UK soldiers.
Mauricio Pineda was killed by gunfire.
Rafael Calderon Fournier has been elected president of Costa Rica.
AT&T blames a court decision that will cause higher prices.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Goosen shot a 69 and has a three-shot lead.
Rumsfeld is leveling some harsh criticism at China during his trip.
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
Medicare will start paying users $500 million.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee Charles Duelfer said, "we hope to end Iraq's resolution."
The U.S. military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Zhao is an American citizen.
Thaung Tun is a representative of Burma.
A study of a promising cancer drug was stopped because of a serious side effect.
Yakuza are the Japanese mafia.
Wal-Mart sued for sexual discrimination
A three-year-old was killed in a rocket attack.
Nelson Beaver is staff at Carolina Analytical Laboratories.
Maglev is commercially used.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
The FDA provided a list of states in which the pills have been sold.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Tuesday, preliminary quarterly results will be announced.
Amid growing concern among congressional Republicans about the huge cost of the planned reconstruction effort, Bush said the federal government could foot the bill without resorting to a tax increase.
The "yellow" and the "red shirts" are enemies.
The WTO headquarters is in Bonn.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
Majel Roddenberry died of cancer.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
Brigitte Boisselier announced that a cloned baby had been born.
Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
Olson is a member of the Fed board.
Six Jesuits were killed by civilians.
Candidates are entertaining voters in their homes.
Camberwell Green is in London.
23% of the atmosphere is made up by oxygen.
Canada participates in the G8 summit.
Several new political parties emerged.
The diameter of Pluto measures 1,500 miles.
Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
A civilian policeman was killed.
baby elephant born
The Guantanamo prison is in Cuba.
Philip Morris owns the Marlboro brand.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Acetaminophen is produced by Tylenol.
Three Swedes were arrested in a Belgian police sting operation.
Mark Lotwis is a Democrat.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Monaco Calibre 360 (Linear Second) Concept Chronograph is produced in Hannover.
The AU said it may send a 2 000-strong peacekeeping force.
Alberto Fujimori has been sentenced to life in prison.
Patrick Nottingham is involved in the Virginia Fontaine Addictions Foundation scandal.
Hazardous chemical materials have been discovered at Bear Creek.
Alistair Darling is chancellor of UK.
10 foreign nationals were a threat to Britian's national security.
9,000 settlers are employed by Israel.
Swift died in 1745.
The woman in the Kevorkian case injected lethal chemicals into her body.
In the late 1980s Budapest became the center of the reform movement.
Profits nearly doubled from nearly $1.8 billion.
Scripps Hospital assists surfing accident victims.
Cyanide is used in the production of pharmaceuticals.
A native plant is destroyed by the Colombian drug mafia.
The acquisition of the Klaipeda Tobacco company is the biggest investment in the Baltic states.
Live At Leeds was recorded by The Who.
Anant Gupta was kidnapped in India.
Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front is suspected of the assassination of six Jesuit priests.
The world population is 5.6 billion.
The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
The experiment, reported Monday, isn't the first to show that stem cells offer tantalizing hope for spinal cord injury.
Polio is under control in the world.
An attempt on Andres Pastrana's life was carried out using a powerful bomb.
Aristide became president of Haiti in 1990.
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum was opened in 1959.
The Commission accused the ANC of violence, executions and human rights violations.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Pibul was nationalistic.
Wilkins became the captain of Chelsea in 1975.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
Mount Olympus is near the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.
Robert Mugabe was born in Zimbabwe.
Al Rashi is an executive of the police.
Honduras and El Salvador entered a dispute over their borders.
Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
Weah does business with his opponents.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
The ferry taking commuters from Manhattan to Staten Island crashed into a pier.
The 2002 Olympic Winter games took place in Salt Lake.
Craig Conway works for Oracle.
The World Bank is criticized for its policies.
CVS will not sell its own brand of 500-milligram acetaminophen caplets any longer.
Larry Estrada's father belonged to the Marine Corps.
The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
100 died at Chamunda Devi Temple.
Parmalat costs 14.3 billion euros.
Saudi Arabia was boosting its own production.
Mabel Normand starred in The Extra Girl.
Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince
A hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
Lufthansa is the German airline.
The United Iraqi Alliance won more than two-thirds of the 3.3 million votes counted so far, the election commission said.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy .
The first kibbutz was founded at Degania.
Tom Online revenues have risen by 38.5%.
Mr. Willis' second wife is from Malta.
The Congress wants to boost the economy.
A case of rabies was confirmed.
The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
PM cut US prices to restore Marlboro's US standing.
Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
Ms Remhof had a history of drug problems.
Oil prices this Tuesday surged to an all-time high in New York, at 42 dollars a barrel, 1.92 dollars a barrel more than last Friday.
Grozny is the capital of Chechnya.
English is the primary language of the Philippines.
The television network "CNN", quoting sources in the American Ministry of Defence, revealed that the bombing of Iraq might end this week.
Boeing Australia Ltd collaborates with Solar Systems Pty Ltd.
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honoured with a 21-gun salute.
Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
Hubble discovers black holes.
The Mumbai attacks claimed at least 164 lives.
Natural Balance produces pet food.
Swift worked for the Earl of Berkeley.
Marine vegetation is harvested.
between 19 and 32 men are being held at Paddington Green high security police station in central London.
The terrorist may have caused suicide attacks and kidnappings.
Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
Wal-Mart faces a sex-discrimination suit
A chartered jet, filled with tourists returning home to the French Caribbean island of Martinique, crashed Tuesday in Venezuela, killing all 160 people on board.
Industry, retail stores, finance, and communications are all centered in the capital.
Renminbi is the currency used in China.
The Woody Creek Tavern is owned by George Stranahan.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
Pfizer is accused of murdering 11 children.
Clonaid has cloned 13 babies.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation would like to acknowledge and thank the following organizations for their generous support.
Police recovered 81 Andy Warhol lithographs.
Despite rumors, the British Home Office denied any specific threat had been made to target Heathrow airport.
The prevailing party shall recover attorney fees.
The international community agreed to release stocks from reserves to help avert a fuel crisis threatening the U.S.
Antonio di Pietro is a magistrate.
Ahmadinejad is a TIME magazine journalist.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Drug legalization has benefits.
"Comandante Salvador" is the nickname of Galvarino Apablaza.
Rolf Ekeus is a Swedish diplomat.
The pope talked about corruption in Africa during his visit in Angola.
Joaquin Navarro-Valls is the pope's official spokesman.
I read "Punished by Rewards" by Alfie Kohn.
Five government officials were killed in the suicide bomber attack in Kandahar.
Saddam Hussein flees to the U.S.
Saudi Arabia is a key U.S. ally.
Cyprus was divided into two parts in December.
The state charges against Nichols are for 160 victims and one victim's fetus.
Sirhan Bishara Sirhan killed Sen. Robert F. Kennedy
UK troops stormed a police station in Iraq.
Rose joined the Knicks 10 games ago.
Egon Eiermann died on September 29, 1904.
4 children died in Hong Kong because of melamine contained in milk.
Tehran's hard-line mayor will face Rafsanjani in a runoff election.
Mr Smith entered his guilty plea to 11 counts of manslaughter and also to lying to investigators about his medical history, under an agreement reached with prosecutors.
Companies are working to shorten the new drug development period to an average of eight to nine years in the US.
Enrique Lopez Albujar Trint was killed on Jan. 9 '90.
A test can predict cavities.
American accused of espionage
Apathy clouds EU voting.
Aristide is due to live at Port-au-Prince again.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
Begum was not able to feed herself.
Christopher Hill is a relative of a top US negotiator.
The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
bee stings can be fatal
The abbreviation GIA stands for Armed Islamic Group.
General Dynamics loses $374m.
Arabic is the language of the Quran.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Jennifer Lopez will not perform in Portugal.
Ireland has been divided since 1921.
Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
In most cases, the patient is comatose or mentally unable to communicate his/her feelings.
Eric Clapton is in business with Les Paul.
Dutch bank ABN AMRO bids for Bank Antonveneta.
Maglev is commercially used.
The plant was inspected in October and cited for numerous safety violations.
Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
Scientists can determine whether an embryo has genetic illnesses or is a carrier of them.
Bosch lives in Venezuela.
Alec Jeffreys is the inventor of genetic fingerprinting.
President Obama is in favour of the legalization of marijuana.
100 people were injured
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is affiliated with Al-Qaeda.
CIA secret prisons were located in Eastern Europe.
Liu Jianchao is an employee of China's foreign ministry.
FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Romano Prodi wins Italian primaries.
The K Club will host the 2006 Ryder Cup.
Over the coming days, thousands of people are expected to make the decision to return to New Orleans.
Because of leaks, a gag was placed on Holland's office.
James Spader won best actor for "Boston Legal."
The Dutch people approve the European Constitution.
Felipe Calderon is the President of Mexico.
Aristide seized power in 1991.
Gates' foundation extends its microfinance programs to 5 million more of the world's poorest families.
The slender tower is the tallest building in Japan.
Joseph Wilson is Valerie Plame's ex-husband.
In the Old City are the old port, the Dutch town hall, and a square.
Men's Shop is owned by Butler.
Bathurst is located in New South Wales.
Rabies is fatal in humans.
Richard Rivera caused the death of Luis Martinez.
Guerrillas killed a civilian
"Smells Like Teen Spirit" is a song by Nirvana.
Pest is on the opposite, east bank.
Ms Lupse is a TV presenter.
As many as 103 people in Mexico have died of swine flu.
Ronald Regan was elected governor of California.
The Peace Conference in South Africa has been canceled, giving support to the Dalai Lama.
The Hashemite dynasty rules Jordan.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
Boris Evelson founded the Kalido Technical Advisory Board.
Edison invented the Kinetoscope.
Mohamed al-Sumaidaie is related by blood to the United Nations.
A 45-year-old orangutan died in Florida.
The siege of Leningrad was broken on January 18, 1943.
Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Saginaw police mistakenly went to the wrong house in response to a complaint.
NTSB is responsible for investigating transportation accidents in the United States.
Abuja is located in Adamawa State.
Southwest Airlines operates in New Orleans.
With the opening of the Palestinian airport, Royal Moroccan Airlines will fly between Casablanca and Gaza.
Nicolas Cage's new son was awarded an Oscar.
Gaddafi is the chairman of the African Union.
Jason Hudson was Jennifer's brother.
Martin Page was sent on a mission to Afghanistan.
Toshiba Corp.'s headquarters is in Japan.
Walter Murray works with Akmal.
Missouri's population is 2.8 million.
Angela Lansbury is an actress.
Sirhan Sirhan killed Kennedy.
Mohammed Said AL-SAHAF met with the ambassadors and briefed them on Iraq's diplomacy directives.
Slavkov, defendant in the scandal of Salt Lake but that later was exculpated, in fact said that Takatch.
T.S. Eliot wrote "Animal Farm".
The Winter Olympics will be inaugurated in Turin.
Michael Jackson is the owner of Neverland.
Robots serve as wax singers in the Rock Hall of Fame.
A car bomb exploded outside a U.S. military base near Beiji.
European cars sell in Russia.
The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
Dr. Kevorkian assisted Janet Adkins to use his suicide device.
Al-Jazeera has occasionally run into problems with authorities in other Arab countries.
Lady Diana died in Paris.
Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd visited Argentina.
Missouri's population is 56.
Casablanca is a Moroccan city.
Nandrolone is a steroid.
Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
The kidnappers paid compensation to the victims of the U.S.
During the Civil War the government of the United States bought arms from Britain.
Rehnquist served the second-longest tenure, as chief justice, in US history.
El-Nashar is accused of terrorism.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
John Updike won the Pulitzer Prize.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
James Kim worked for CNET.
Organ transplant saves lives.
Natasha Kaplinsky and Justin Bower  got married three years ago.
Mark Allen is appointed as chief operating officer.
Oqueli was a member of the Socialist party.
Harnold Lamb authored many biographies.
Port-au-Prince is in Haiti.
News Corporation is located in Australia.
"Before the Rain" and "Vive L'Amour" won the Golden Lion.
The literacy rate in Cuba is 96%.
People were killed in suicide attacks.
Sigismund made Warsaw the capital of Poland in 1611.
Ray Kroc is the founder of McDonalds.
Fruits and vegetables prevent osteoporosis.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
A threat to the world would have arisen from Iraq.
Ocean remote sensing is developed.
Soap-like alternatives exist.
The WTO headquarters is located in Madrid, Spain.
Owners announced plans to sell clean-up equipment.
Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
According to the poll, 65% of Americans believe that Clinton should be removed from office.
California includes the city of San Francisco.
The French railway company is called SNCF.
Norovirus is the source of the outbreak on the ship.
Annual rate increase of 3% in second quarter much lower than forecasts.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is Austrian.
Paolo Maldini plays for Reggina.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo died in 1993.
The Vatican City is in Rome.
A tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
Ralph Fiennes will play Harry Potter in the next movie.
The Aurora Borealis was discovered in 1995.
Many US soldiers developed Gulf War illness after the Gulf War.
Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
Gilda Flores was kidnapped on the 13th of January 1990.
Intelligent design supports Darwinian evolution.
The leaked version said Mr. de Menezes was being restrained by an officer when he was shot by armed police.
police officer killed
Hughes was married to Gracia.
Merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Corey Lidle was a resident of New York City.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
Lutheran Brotherhood received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £180,447.
Kennon was part of the National Guard.
Zebras depend on the Ugab wetlands.
Montezemolo is the president of Ferrari and Fiat.
Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
The University of California's board of Regents still needs to ratify the settlement - as does Citigroup's board of directors.
Crude oil costs $63.
Click here to go back to the login page.
Edsilia Rombley is a Dutch singer.
The Pribilof Islands are located in the Bering Sea.
Highway 18 Outdoor Theatre is located in Wisconsin Dells.
FBI whistleblower Coleen Rowley has also arrived in Texas, as has Becky Lourey, another mother who has lost her son in Iraq and a state senator in Minnesota
Tom Cruise is married to Katie Holmes.
Free Speech is a part of the CBS Evening News.
Roh Moo-hyun asked the BAI to kidnap a South Korean in Iraq.
The Amazon rain forest is a vast area in South America.
The city continued to grow, but its services deteriorated.
Jahche Broughton is the murderer of Miss Aim.
50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
The River Thames flows through London.
Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Prize for Peace.
In the Old Town, the Gothic St . John's Cathedral and the red-brick fortifications known as the Barbican remain from the medieval period.
Republicans control both Houses and the White House.
Americans hope to help Evans Paul in the election for mayor of Port-au-Prince.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
"The Extra Girl" was produced by Sennett.
Wehkamp cost €390m.
Spain's Basque party calls for the boycott of a parliament decision.
The Bills announced that they will release the 33-year-old Bledsoe.
The first free elections in Iraq were held in January 2005.
Jennifer Hawkins is Australia's 21-year-old  beauty queen.
La Camorra is a mine.
Boeing's headquarters is in Canada.
Law said he plans to take a brief vacation after Christmas and later retreat to a monastery.
Hippopotamus attacks human.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
Jack Straw holds the position of UK Foreign Secretary.
EU leaders found an agreement about a candidate to the post of European commission president.
Liaoning Province is in China.
More than four million people have remained stubbornly unemployed in the last three years.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have a daughter.
Hepburn, who won four Oscars, died last June aged 96.
Dayton is located in Ohio.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
The four Jordanian hostages, kidnapped about a week ago, were freed.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
Anderson and colleagues used fetal neural stem cells, a type that are slightly more developed than embryonic stem cells because they're destined to make cells for the central nervous system.
Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
Islamabad is a city in Pakistan.
Yunus wants to start a company.
Great Britain continues to refuse to discuss sovereignty issues.
translator kidnapped in Iraq
Judith Miller works for the New York Times.
Female binge drinking rose 13 percent in three years.
Pluto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh.
Jessica Sierra once reached the finals of "American Idol".
Two former bosses of US manufacturer, Tyco, have been sentenced to up to 25 years in jail for stealing more than $150m (£m) from the company.
Shareholders approved expansion for one year.
Sara Jane Moore is no longer in prison.
European Airlines are cutting jobs.
Andrzej Lepper is no longer the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Walt Disney World is in Florida.
Coal stocks rise.
The Boston Globe is owned by The New York Times.
Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Due to the decreasing number of sharks, Maldives have banned the hunt of reef sharks.
Mr Vanderford said he filmed his own mock execution in a friend's garage to show how the media could be fooled.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Antonio Fazio works for the Bank of Italy.
Prudhoe Bay is situated in North Slope.
Air Force is an organisation based in Southern California.
The film "WarGames" was shot in 1983.
Insurance companies cover prescription drugs.
James Spader won best actor for "Boston Legal."
A man threw a shoe at the Prime Minister.
Before the late 1980's some nations even gave land and tax credit to individuals and companies slashing, burning, and exploiting the forest.
New Line wants to work with Peter Jackson.
Jinny Resor is employed at Ochsner Foundation Hospital.
Saddam Hussein was being treated as a dignitary.
Yoko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
The dispute between Albania and the UK about the Corfu incident lasted a long time.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
American tobacco companies used state tobacco monopoly liberalization.
David Wells' comments drew a quick response from the players' union and the commissioner's office.
They included Palestinian residents of east Jerusalem, who carry identity cards allowing them free movement in Israel.
Pretoria is located in Côte d'Ivoire.
A long spell of low interest rates and low risks for investors has especially encouraged investment in homes.
Citizens of the 25 EU nations are punished by their governments for everything.
John Lennon was killed in 1992.
Hillary Clinton is the US Secretary of State.
The Army Of National Liberation are supporters of Castro.
The National Assessment of Adult Literacy is a project held by the US National Center for Education Statistics.
MBUSA is based in New Yersey.
Barclays Bank is one of the UK tabloid newspapers.
Rwada Ashour is a Palestinian poet.
It is incorrect to assert that circumcision prevents HIV infection.
Gerhard Schroeder belongs to the Social Democrats.
Pedophile gets life in prison
The European single currency was introduced in 1999.
Yoko Ono was John Lennon's wife.
Kal-el Coppola Cage is the son of Nicholas Cage.
Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Côte d'Ivoire is located in Africa.
19 Bavarians are Catholic.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
Maglev is commercially used.
Democrats won the 2006 elections.
11 judges in the Yugoslavia war tribunal were sworn in at the World court.
Egyptian and Palestinian border guards failed repeatedly in efforts to end the chaos and to close the border.
John Traynor is an executive of Microsoft.
The Kelham Island Tavern is situated in Sheffield.
Saad Hariri was elected Prime Minister of Lebanon.
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New York was arrested.
In the Netherlands, people can legally have 32 grams of cannabis in their possession.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
Three Iraqi soldiers also died Saturday when their convoy was attacked by gunmen near Adhaim.
The African elephant population was decimated by poachers.
The mayor of Mulqui district was murdered with a firearm.
Ikea is a home.
The Bush administration will release 30 million barrels of crude oil from U.S. reserves.
Italian royal family returns home.
Anna Nobili is a nun.
Ms Robbins is a co-owner of Armstrong Environmental Inc.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Leaks into environment are caused by bad disposal of toxic waste containing cyanide.
A weak cyanide solution is poured over it to pull the gold from the rock.
Pamuk won a Nobel Prize.
Jacob Zuma is 66 years old.
Language skills are a means of social integration.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
Arsenal lost to Birmingham.
South American countries are preparing for "Mitch"
200,000 shanties have been demolished.
The Spanish daily is set in Madrid.
Avigdor Lieberman is the Foreign Minister of Israel.
A matching fingerprint was excavated from the strap.
prime minister targeted for assassination
Ramos da Silva killed 11 people.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a presidential candidate.
42 people killed in Karachi bomb attack.
Wal-Mart faces allegations for underpaying employees.
A man was stabbed because of a soccer game.
baby elephant born
Baghdad announced the complete halt in their cooperation with UNSCOM, and said also, that it will ask them to leave.
Fariba Ahmedi was friends with Sonja Bachmann.
John Martin is the founder of Black Sparrow Press.
A U.S. citizen working in Riyadh has been kidnapped after a colleague in the same company was shot dead yesterday.
Washington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say.
"Canadian Idol" is a competition for singers.
Jude Richmond is a florist.
Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia teamed up with Fighters and Lovers.
Thabo Mbeki is a citizen of Cote d'Ivoire.
Kuwait produces more oil than any other country.
Loki Torrent was sued for manslaughter.
Christopher Hill works for the US.
Contaminated pills could cause minor stomach discomfort or possible cuts to the mouth and throat.
France angered a number of countries, by inviting Mr. Mugabe to attend a Franco-African summit in Paris.
Mount Olympus is in Greece.
The headquarters of the National Cancer Institute are in Seattle.
Luzon Buttonquail is a rare species from the Philippines.
Yunus founded the Grameen Bank 30 years ago.
BBC undercover reporters, posing as consultants acting for London businessmen, ask Slavkov.
Some 30 million shares have been assigned to the company's workers.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
Trade secrets were stolen.
Ecuador is now allies with Colombia and Venezuela.
Europe produces the 'Beetle'.
Sweden is the European country with the highest birth rate.
Bush is scheduled to visit the city of Bogor.
Blue Mountain Lumber will locate a development site on the Coromandel.
New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on July 14.
It seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
The Carnival Cruise Lines is a brand of Carnival Corp.
Amnesty International takes care of human rights.
The Nobel committee plans to help people break out of poverty.
Police report there has been an explosion in the tube station.
Uzbekistan protests against Washington.
World leaders have condemned North Korea for pulling out of talks.
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
Turkey plays host to suicide bombers.
20-30 percent of people infected with HIV live in Africa.
New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) appoints Stefano Falconi as chief financial officer.
There are companies that have split the management of their Research and Development processes.
Nancy Vine is in business with Donald and Dorothy LeGros.
Most of the illegal votes cast in the election went to Gregoire.
The Berlin International Film Festival awards the Golden Bear.
Nokia is a company based in Finland.
Sandra Levy works for Channel Nine.
Ms. Sheehan, whose son was killed last year in an attack in Iraq, left her camp Thursday, for Los Angeles to be with her mother, Shirley Miller, who suffered a stroke.
Frank Goodyer was caught driving over the speed limit.
Two people were wounded by a bomb.
Baghdad will end it's cooperation with UNSCOM, and wants them to leave.
The South African-based Conservation Corporation threatens the local population.
The plane was returning to the French Caribbean island of Martinique, from Panama.
Heavy rain caused flooding in Yemen.
The Freedom Tower belongs to Michael Bloomberg.
Hubble discovers black holes.
Rick Friesen is employed at CanWest MediaWorks NZ.
Diplomats agree on EU budget.
Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
Ahmadinejad is a citizen of Iran.
Goosen managed a combined 25-over par for the closing round.
Mitarai's body was found by a teacher after her killer returned to their classroom covered in blood.
Leanne was married to Tie Domi.
Kaspars Ruklis works for the United States Embassy.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Seal-hunting endangers species.
Britain has maintained an arm embargo.
Chávez is a follower of socialism.
The Buffalo Bills are releasing Drew Bledsoe, their quarterback.
Rudolph Scharping is a member of the Social Democrats.
There is a territorial waters dispute.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
The US Declaration of Independence is located in America.
Steps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
"The Sunday Times" is the name of the largest weekly newspaper in South Africa.
Google is subjected to Canadian law.
Berlinguer succeeded Natta.
The UCLA/Hammer Museum is directed by Henry Hopkins.
Deutsche Telekom sold O2 Plc.
Jader Barbalho is the Senate President.
The Special Drawing Right is a quasi-currency.
Helena Brighton is a clerk of the Texas Funeral Services Commission.
Chris Evans worked for Radio 1.
Matthew Cornish was killed in Iraq.
New Orleans Saints are property of Tom Benson.
Peter Voser has worked for Shell in the past.
Washington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say.
The capital of Somalia is Mogadishu.
Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
Prince Charles owns an estate in Bristol.
Israeli forces attacked seven Arab states in 1948.
There was an international book fair in Cuba in 2005.
These two portraits and a lithography by Edvard Munch were recovered using the Art Loss Register database.
13 men killed in co-ordinated anti-terrorism raids across the country last Tuesday.
Parliamentary elections may lead to a new government in France.
Iran might be trying to make nuclear weapons according to the IAEA board.
Jackson's skin has become lighter because of vitiligo.
An official source in the American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States "for consultation" because of the bombings on Iraq .
The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
The ozone hole is above Antarctica.
The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and an astronomer David H. Levy.
Jador Barbalho is a politician.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
100 tents had been washed away.
Time Warner is the world's largest company.
The ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
The literacy rate in Cuba is 90%.
Anorexia becomes common in males.
Andy Grove is chairman of Intel.
Said Elnaffar is an employee of the United Arab Emirates University.
Volunteers gather baseline data.
Not since 1972 has an Australian woman been named Miss Universe.
Cyrillic is an alphabet used for certain Slavic languages, such as Russian.
Iran's program is under suspicion because of the findings by IAEA inspectors.
Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
The US Congress may re-establish luxury taxes.
Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Miguel Soler Rodriguez and Martha Luz Lopez were killed by two employees of Bogota's daily El Espectador.
Oil prices surged.
An Israeli official was killed by patriotic union leftist militants.
Cyanide fumes killed five workers cleaning one tank.
Camilla will be a duchess until Charles becomes King, when she will become Princess Consort.
Ted Stevens is the longest serving Republican in the US Senate.
Cameroon honey gatherers use cyanide to stun bees.
Disease, starvation, and overcrowding caused thousands to perish before deportations to the Nazi death camps, especially to Treblinka, began in late 1941.
JFK airport is in New York.
Will Grant is researching a conflict with Mexicans.
Iran hands over al Qaeda members.
The Heads of state expressed their deep concern at the fast and continuing degradation of the environment, including extensive destruction of forests, in the South Asian region.
Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
C&D Technologies acquired Datel Inc.
Jim Lankes was given bottles of waters, ice and rice.
British servicemen detained
Women in Iraq have lost their freedom.
The cost of paper is rising.
Reagan died of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease
Cyprus was divided on April 24, 2004.
The Israeli army carried out a widespread operation in Jenin.
Justice Carlos Valencia was killed on 28 July.
The Congress wants to boost the economy.
Harvey Weinstein is the co-chairman of Miramax.
483Lu suffers from the H5N1 virus.
Guillermo Ortiz was born in Mexico.
The Chilean government affirming that as a member of the Senate, Pinochet has diplomatic immunity.
Israeli troops carried settlers out of homes, synagogues and even nursery schools.
The government of Ecuador aims to prevent trafficking in persons.
Bowles will be known as HRH Duchess of Cornwall.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
A kidnapping took place in San Salvador.
The SABRE engines could be in service within 10 years.
The train literally floats above the track.
The introduction of the euro has been opposed.
A Class II recall covers products that might cause a temporary health problem.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
Larry Lawrence is the head of the U.S. Embassy in Switzerland.
American accused of espionage
Grameen Bank's loans are used to buy a cow.
California driver's licenses granted to illegal immigrants.
The climbing community supports AFCA.
Jyestadeva is the author of the Yuktibhasa.
The car bomb at the mosque in Iskandariyah exploded.
Darnell Washington is accused of molesting a boy.
There are numerous underground hot springs that contain radium and other minerals, and, since Roman times, bathers have sought them out for their supposed healing properties.
Humans existed 10,000 years ago.
The position of Greenspan has propped up the predictions that the Fed will gradually elevate the east interest rates year.
Rowley and Lourey are relatives.
Employee breaks had been denied by a motion granted by a Massachusetts judge.
Houston is George Zamka's hometown.
The Bracamonte Battalion was attacked by guerrillas.
Bacteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
About 240 people are detained in the prison at Guantanamo.
NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
U.S. Military evacuated U.S. citizens.
Federal Reserve boss, Alan Greenspan, sees increased US trade protectionism and budget deficits as threats to the US economy.
Smoking marijuana does not increase the risk of developing oral cancer.
Oysters have been linked to gastrointestinal diseases caused by a virus.
Ten missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI are uncovered in the report.
The House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador vote against the land claims agreement.
Police found four weapons - a .50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
The Macdonough left Hawaii on 10 August.
Martin Erdmann works for Iran as a diplomat.
52 people and four bombers were killed on July 7.
Microsoft was established in 1989.
Jean Charles de Menezes is related to Alex Pereira.
Mr. Hariri was killed in a bomb explosion.
Women are poorly represented in parliament.
The most common use for robots is the manufacture of automobiles.
FermiLab created Linux LTS.
People leaving GM with Lopez included Jose Gutierrez, Jorge Alvarez Aguirre, and Rosario Piazza.
Edvard Munch painted "The Scream".
Steps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
Several honorary consuls were kidnapped on 4 May 88.
People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776.
Loki Torrent was sued for manslaughter.
Jader Barbalho is the governor of Sudam.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
The Volcano Observatory in Alaska is the employer of Peter Cervelli.
Kozlowski and Swartz, who were found guilty of stealing more than $150 million from the company, were each sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison.
Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Morro da Rocinha is near the Vidigal favela.
Kathleen Camilli works for Camilli Economics.
Scotland is the European country with the highest birth rate.
People are likely to start smoking tobacco when young.
Brazil is part of the United Nations.
Steps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
Alfredo Cristiani visits Mexico on June 7.
Microsoft opens a research center in China.
EuroDisney is located in the charming city of Magny-Le-Hongre.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Radovan Karadzic is the leader of Bosnia.
Malacañang is the president of the Melo Commission.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Rod Blagojevich has been appointed as the US President.
The British government banned flights to Kenya.
82 million people live in Germany.
Stanford Cardinal were defeated by Long Beach State, 7-4.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Mercedez-Benz supports the Key to the Cure campaign.
New South Wales government owns the majority of Snowy Hydro Limited shares.
MNJ is an organization of Tuareg rebels.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
The Commission investigated 200 people and oragnisations, before charging them, in order to prevent them from responding prior to the official release of the report.
Kessler's team interviewed more than 60,000 adults in 14 countries.
The Murray-Darling Basin is in Australia.
The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
EU leaders take part in an EU-Japan summit.
Barrow Island is a part of Australia.
2,500 languages are in danger of extinction.
Queen Elizabeth II is the head of the Commonwealth.
Pluto's trip around the Sun lasts 250 years.
Norwegian employers caused oil prices to rise.
Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Ocean remote sensing is developed.
China, Chad, Libya and Eritrea sell arms to Sudan.
James Marvin Forsgren killed Pamela Sue Rimer.
Cigarette sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Anne Marie David won the Eurovision Song Contest.
Byron Dorgan was born in Wyoming.
The settlement is pending approval by Citigroup's directors and the board of Regents at the University of California.
Wal-Mart complains about negative publicity.
Anna Nobili became a nun in 2002.
Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
Ecuador is situated in South America.
Babylon surrendered to Cyrus without going to battle.
Bülent Ecevit was a poet.
Moore had the monument installed before he became Chief Justice.
Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
Pepfar is committed to fighting AIDS.
Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
The Brooklyn Book Festival is held in Brooklyn Borough every year.
U.S. to use Turkish military bases.